Disclaimer 
The information provided in this book is for educational and informational purposes only. The author, 
publisher, and licensed distributor have made reasonable efforts to ensure that the information within 
was accurate at the time of publication . The author, publisher, and licensed distributor make no 
representation or warranties with respect to the merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, 
current or continued accuracy or completeness, and reliability of the contents of this book . 
The strategies, tips, and tools discussed in this book are the author's personal opinions and are provided 
as-is. They are intended to provide helpful and informative material on the subjects addressed in this 
book. Success in any marketing and business endeavors is based on a wide range of factors unique to 
each individual or business. 
Laws are subject to change and may vary by location and jurisdiction. You, as the reader, are 
encouraged to consult with a professional where appropriate and review the current local laws before 
implementing any marketing strategies or campaigns. 
Earnings and income representations made by the author are aspirational statements only of your 
potential earnings. The success of the author and others referenced herein, testimonials, and other 
examples used are exceptional, non-typical results and are not intended to be and are not a guarantee 
that you or others will achieve the same results. Individual results will always vary and your results 
will depend entirely on your individual capacity, work ethic, business, skills and experience, level of 
motivation, diligence in applying the strategies discussed, the economy, the normal and unforeseen 
risks of doing business, and other factors within or beyond your control. 
No guarantee is made that you will achieve any result at all from the ideas in this book. The author, 
publisher, and licensed distributor disclaim any representations or warranties (express or implied), 
including, without limitation, those of merchantability, fitness for any particular purpose, current or 
continued accuracy or completeness, and reliability. Reliance on the information provided is solely at 
your own risk. As further described herein, the author, publisher, and licensed distributor shall in no 
event be held liable to you or any party for any direct, indirect, punitive, special, incidental, speculative, 
or other consequential damages arising directly or indirectly from any use and/or misuse of this book, 
which is provided "as is", and without warranties . 
As always, the advice of a competent legal, tax, accounting, finance, or other professional should be 
sought and obtained . 
Any statements that express or involve discussions with respect to predictions, goals, expectations, 
beliefs, plans, projections, objectives, assumptions or future events or performance are not statements 
of historical fact and may be "forward looking statements." Forward looking statements are based on 
expectations , estimates, and projections at the time the statements are made that involve a number 
of risks and uncertainties which could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those 
presently anticipated. 
Running a business involves the risk of loss as well as the possibility of profit. All businesses involve 
risk, and all business decisions remain the responsibility of the individual. The author, Bumble IP, LLC, 
Acquisition.com , LLC, and their affiliates (collectively referred to herein as the "Company") have not 
made any guarantees that the strategies outlined in this book will be profitable or beneficial for you 
or your business, and the Company is not liable for any potential business losses related to these 
strategies. 

---PAGE---

The Company's representatives are professionals, and their results are not typical of the average 
individual. Background, education, effort, and dedication of individuals and business owners will affect 
their overall experience. Any examples shared in this book are merely illustrative and not guarantees 
of a return on businesses or other result. Each reader's results may vary. The Company does not 
warrant the performance, effectiveness, or applicability of any sites listed or linked in this book. All links 
are for informational purposes only and are not warranted for content, accuracy, or any other implied 
or explicit purpose. All the information provided in this book pertaining to running a business and 
business strategies is educational only and not specific guarantees of success. Even though reasonable 
precaution has been taken in the preparation of this book, the Company does not assume any liability 
for errors and/or omissions. This book is published without warranty or guarantee of any kind, either 
expressed or implied. The Company is not liable for any damages, regardless of whether arising 
directly or indirectly from the use and/or misuse of this book . Readers agree to release and hold 
harmless the Company and its members, employees, agents, representatives, affiliates, subsidiaries, 
successors, and assignees (collectively "Agents") from and against any and all claims, liabilities, losses, 
causes of actions, costs, lost profits, lost opportunities, indirect, special, incidental, consequential, 
punitive, or any other damages whatsoever and expenses (including, without limitation, court costs 
and attorney's fees) ("Losses") asserted against, resulting from, imposed upon or incurred by any of 
the Agents as a result of, or arising out of the reader's use and/or misuse of this book . This book is 
intended for informat ional and educational purposes only. 
HYPOTHETICAL PERFORMANCE RESULTS HAVE MANY INHERENT LIMITATIONS, SOME 
OF WHICH ARE DESCRIBED BELOW. NO REPRESENTATION IS BEING MADE THAT ANY 
BUSINESS WILL OR IS LIKELY TO ACHIEVE PROFITS OR LOSSES SIMILAR TO THOSE SHOWN 
OR DESCRIBED. IN FACT, THERE ARE FREQUENTLY SHARP DIFFERENCES BETWEEN 
HYPOTHETICAL PERFORMANCE RESULTS AND THE ACTUAL RESULTS SUBSEQUENTLY 
ACHIEVED BY ANY PARTICULAR BUSINESS. ONE OF THE LIMITATIONS OF HYPOTHETICAL 
PERFORMANCE RESULTS IS THAT THEY ARE GENERALLY PREPARED WITH THE BENEFIT 
OF HINDSIGHT. IN ADDITION, HYPOTHETICAL BUSINESS DOES NOT INVOLVE FINANCIAL 
RISK, AND NO HYPOTHETICAL BUSINESS RECORD CAN COMPLETELY ACCOUNT FOR 
THE IMPACT OF FINANCIAL AND OTHER RISK IN ACTUAL BUSINESS. FOR EXAMPLE, THE 
ABILITY TO WITHSTAND LOSSES OR TO ADHERE TO A PARTICULAR BUSINESS STRATEGY 
IN SPITE OF BUSINESS LOSSES ARE MATERIAL POINTS WHICH CAN ALSO ADVERSELY 
AFFECT ACTUAL BUSINESS RESULTS. THERE ARE NUMEROUS OTHER FACTORS RELATED 
TO THE MARKETS IN GENERAL OR TO THE IMPLEMENTATION OF ANY SPECIFIC BUSINESS 
PROGRAM , WHICH CANNOT BE FULLY ACCOUNTED FOR IN THE PREPARATION OF 
HYPOTHETICAL PERFORMANCE. When used herein, this "book" means this book, its contents, 
and all information and ideas contained therein . 
Copyright © 2025 by Bumble IP, LLC and distributed via license by Acquisition .com, LLC. Reproduction 
or translation of any part of this work beyond that permitted by Section 107 or 108 of the 1976 
United States Copyright Act without the permission of the copyright owner is unlawful. Acquisition. 
com® , its logo, and $100M® are all registered trademarks of Bumble IP, LLC and utilized via limited 
license by Acquisition.com, LLC. All rights reserved, including rights for text and data mining and 
training of artificial technologies or similar technologies. 
Printed in Canada. 

---PAGE---

IV Copyrigh1 C 202S by BUMBLE IP, LLC NOT FOR DISTRIBUTION 

---PAGE---

Table of Contents 
Why People Struggle To Advertise And How To Fix It 1 
PART I: Ad Kaleidoscope .......... .......................................... ........................................................ 3 
What The Ad Kaleidoscope Is 6 
How To Use The Ad Kaleidoscope 
Remixing Winner s 
Remaking Winners 
Next Steps 
8 
9 
14 
17 
PART II: My Ads Blackbook: Best 20 Ad Frameworks of All Time. ................................. .19 
Section I: My Best Gym Launch Ad Frameworks .. 
Ad Framework #1: Personal Testimonial/Origin Story 
Ad Framework #2: Prop Comedy .. 
Ad Framework #3: Emotional Avatar Testimonial . 
Ad Framework #4 Show Don't Tell 
Ad Framework #5 Long Term Result 
Section II: My Best ALAN Ad Frameworks ............................ . 
Ad Framework #1 Looking For 5 Avatars .. . 
Ad Framework #2: New vs. Old 
Ad Framework #3: Why You Will Never 
Ad Framework #4: The "North Star" 
Ad Framework #5: No BS Selfie 
Section III: My Best Skool Ad Frameworks .. 
Ad Framework #1: Trending Format 
Ad Framework #2: Value Anchor ... . .. 
Ad Framework #3: Bribe 
Ad Framework #4: Underdog . 
Ad Framework #5: Challenge With Prize 
............. 21 
23 
27 
31 
35 
39 
. 43 
45 
49 
53 
57 
61 
.65 
67 
71 
75 
79 
83 
Section IV: My Best $JOOM Leads Book Launch Ad Frameworks... . .. . ............. . 87 
Ad Framework# 1: Flying Prop 89 
Ad Framework #2: Bribe 93 
Copyright O 202~ by BUMBLE IP, LLC NOT FOR DISTRIBUTION V 

---PAGE---

Ad Framewo rk #3: The Rumors Aie True 
Ad Framework #4: You're Being Lied To 
Ad Framework #S: Data Stack 
PA.Kr III: What To Do Ncxt -+Checldists 
Ad Kaleidoscope Checklist 
Best Ad Framework Checklist 
Visual Elements 
Verbal Delivery 
Ad Script 
CTA 
97 
101 
105 
.. ······· 109 
111 
113 
113 
113 
114 
114 

---PAGE---

Why People Struggle To Advertise And How To Fix It 
The reason most people struggle co advertise is... thry spend too much tir,u making new 
ads and not nearly enough time doubling down on the ads that work. 
This handbook is separated into three parts. Pare I will help you double down on the ads 
chat work using my Ad Kaleidoscope. Part II will help you find the ads to double down on 
with My Best 20 Ad Frameworks Of Ali Time. Part III will give you checklists to follow for the 
next time you make ads. 
I start the handbook with Ad Kaleidoscope because if you already have ads, you should 
use this immediately to make more money. And for chose of you who don't have ads, I'll give 
you my 20 best ad frameworks of all time to make chem. In short, if you have winni ng ads, 
use the Ad Kaleidoscope. If you don•t have winning ads, I'll kt you use mint . 
And before we dive in, I want to be dear, any business (no matter what industry) can 
model the examples in both Ad Kaleidoscope and My Ads Blackbook to advertise better. 
Especially yours. So, use chem. 
Happy hunting , 
Alex 
Copyright C 2025 by BUMBLE IP, LLC NOT FOR DISTRIBUTION 1 

---PAGE---

2 Copyright O 2025 by BUMBLE IP. LLC NOT FOR DISTRIBUTION 

---PAGE---

PART I: AD KALEIDOSCOPE 
When some is good, more is better. 
Henry Ford walked the same hallway to his factory floor every morning. For three 
straight months he passed the glass door of his chief marketing officer and saw the exact 
same print layout pinned on the wall: a black-and-white ad for the Model T. Days later, 
Ford stopped, pushed the door open, and asked, "When are we going co stop running that 
ad? I'm tired of looking at it." 
The chief marketing officer smiled. "Mr. Ford , we haven't run it once. You've seen it a 
hundr ed times because you work here. 1he public hasn't even seen it yet." 
Moral : You will tire of your advertising before your prospects even know your name . 
You make campaign s for them, not for you. And when an ad finally works, keep running it 
until it sto ps working - never until you get bored. 
Copyright C 2025 by BUMBLE IP, LLC NOT FOR DISTRIBUTION 3 

---PAGE---

rART I AD KALLIDO SCOPL 
Kaleidoscope Ads 
The Ad Kaleidoscope is so valuable I wanted to make it a standalone item to draw 
attention to its importance. But, it's too deep to be in a wider book. So I've been holding 
onto it for a while trying to find the right moment. And the right moment is now. 
The Ad Kaleidoscope is my tool for taking winning ads and multiplying them. I think 
it's the most important tool I use to run paid ads. 
If you've consumed my stuff before then you know I rely on "more, better, new" as my 
growth strategy for ... pretty much everything. And that's because-it works. 
The Ad Kaleidoscope is "more, better, new" applied to advertising. It works so well because 
it puts advertising-specific action items on all three growth clements. The Ad Kaki~scope 
puts out!!!!!!!. volume. And makes that volume better. And gmeraus !!!!£. winners. 
It all happens because the Ad Kaleidoscope harn esses power law. Aka - the Pareto 
Principle. In other words, using the fact that 80% of advertising results come from 20% of 
winners. And only 20% of the results come from 80% of your effort. 
Inputs 
In an ideal world, you would make the 100% of your ads like the 20% that get 80% of 
the results. And if you do that, you get 5x the output. And that's what the Ad Kaleidoscope 
docs. le would look something like this ... 
4 Copyright Cl 2025 by BUMBLE IP, LLC NOT FOR DISTRIBUTION 

---PAGE---

PART I: AD KALl:.IDOSCOPE 
~ 
Ad Kalcido1copc 
Ati'1 
Ad Kaleidoscope 
Bad Ads .. .. 
Outputs Ouq,uts 
The image wouldn't fit if I made the new output proportional. But you get the point. If 
you spend 80% of your effort making permutations of ads that are already proven--you'// 
make more winning ads than if you start from scratch every time. 
Think of it like this ... imagine you had two advertisers, both of whom made 100 ads. 
One made 100 brand new ads, while the other took his top five ads from the month before 
and made 100 versions of those five winners. Who do you think would win next month? No 
question: the guy who put his effort into replicating winners. 
If you agree with that premise, then you will love this. It will also likely make you a lot 
of money. At least, it has for me. 
So, this section will show you how to use the Ad Kaleidoscope like a pro. And the good 
news is you only need to know two things: 
1) What The Ad Kaleidoscope Is 
2) How To Use It 
Keep using it until you've made more money than you need, or die. Whichever comes 
first. That's my plan anyways. 
Copyrigh1 C 2025 by BUMBLE IP, LLC NOT FOR DISTRIBUTION 5 

---PAGE---

PART I· AD KALf.lD OSCOPL 
What The Ad Kaleidoscope Is 
The Ad Kaleidoscope permutatts winning ads. In other words, it tweaks stuff that already 
worked. It cakes old winners and makes new ones . 
I call it the Ad Kaleidoscope because it works like a kaleidoscope. As you turn the dial of 
the kaleidoscope, you see a hundred different versions of whatever you're looking at. You're 
still looking at the same thing , but what you're seeing is obviously different. That's what the 
Ad Kaleidoscope does. 
For example, this ad was the highest converting Skool ad for a few month s. We spent 
over $100,000 on this single ad creative alone. 
6 Copy11gh1 C 2025 by BUM BL£ IP, LLC NOT f-OR DISTRIBUI ION 

---PAGE---

PART I: AD KALEIDOS COPE 
After we squeezed the life out of this ad, we put it through the kaleidoscope ... and made 
a ton of new variations. And each of those variations ... also performed like the original You 
can even see how my team named the file "Top Skool Ad." 
• -.-M- ■ ' .,. , .. --L I .,. ,.._ ,.._ L l 
a 
New does not mean "start from zero". New means new to the viewer. Like the Henry 
Ford story, consumers have a far lower threshold of "new" than you do. So yes ... this is 
new, but also obviously ... more of what already worked. And when one of these new versions 
outperforms the previous, we get better. You get close to the same results as before (or better), 
without fatiguing the audience. That's it. 
7he same ad, again, with different props 
Now that you know what it is, let's break down how to use it. 
Copyright C) 2025 by BUMBLE. JP, LLC NOT FOR DISTRIBUTION 7 

---PAGE---

PART I AD KALl:.ll)O ~COPL 
How To Use The Ad Kaleidoscope 
Step1 i • 
Identify 
\'v'inners 
THE AD KALE IDOSCOPE 
Step 2: 
Remix 
Winners 
80¼ of Effort 
Step 3: 
Remake 
\X'inners 
&peal 1vhm ne1v wi1111tr fa1111d 
20¼ of Effort 
Step 4: 
Try New 
Ideas 
I want co be clear-this process only works if you've already made ads. You can't optimize 
ads chat don't exist yet. Duh . Don't worry, I've got you covered there. 
Bue, the moment you get even a single winner, you can use the Ad Kaleidoscope. 
Here's how: 
1) Identify Winner s: Look for ads that outperform. Your cop 20%, your top 10%, top 
5%, etc. The more ads you make the more winners you'U have co choose from-and 
chat's what gives you huge output . If you model the ads in this handbook , you'll have 
hundr eds of ads per month to pull from . 
80% ofYour Effort 
2) Remix WU1J1ers: Your first run through the kaleidoscope, you'll use the same raw footage 
of your previous winners , but vary the edits. Think special effects and software. These are 
aU the things you do after you film an ad. You'll make these pose-production variation s 
first because they,re the fastest to make . They also fatigue the fastest. Bue, you can get 
these up fast to keep ads performing co buy you time co do step 3 ... 
3) Remake Winn ers: Here, instead of editing the same footage in a new way, we make new 
ads with basically the same winning script. Think re-filming. These are all the things you 
do to slightly modify the subject matter of the ad you record. You just change real world 
variables rather than digital ones. The real world changes take longer co do but the ads 
they produ ce can keep you fed for months (and in some cases years!). Once you do chat 
the only thing left to do is ... try new scuff ... 
20% of Your Effort 
8 Copyright O 2025 by BUMBLE IP, LLC NOT FOR DISTRIBUTION 

---PAGE---

PART I: AD KALEIDOSCO PE 
4) Try New Ideas: The remaining 20% of your time you spend testing totally new stuff. 
Keep running permutations of the previous winner until a winner emerges out of the 
totally new stuff. Then , put it through the ad kaleidoscope all over again. To be clear, this 
doesn't mean you stop using your old winners, you just have yet another winner to make 
more winners from. 
Once you find your winning ad, you make variations of it. But how do you actually 
make the variations for the remixes and remakes? Well, lucky for you, this is my cheat sheet. 
These are all the ways I make variations on winning ads to get ... even more winning ads. 
We'll start with Remixing. Remixing is something you can do immediately with your 
existing winning ads. Especially with AI. Since it's the fastest path to money, I'll start there. 
Remixing Winners 
To remix, you need a winning ad. Once you have that ad, think of this like a permutation 
master checklist . These are all the different things you can do to your winning ad to instantly 
give yourself dozens if not hundreds of winning variations. Yes. Endless winners on demand. 
Here are a few of my favorite remixes. 
Same Ad. . . (in order from easiest to hardest) 
• New Speed - Literally just change playback speed to l. lx or l.2x 
• New Filters - One-click black & white, sepia, or contrast adjustments 
• New Background/Border - Simple color swaps or border additions 
• New Fonts/Captions - Change text styling in editing software 
• New Headline - Replace text overlay with different copy 
• New Medium - Export video frame as static image 
• New Format - Resize for different placements (square, vertical, etc.) 
• New Meat - Splice in different middl e section (requires editing skills) 
• New Effects - Add motion graphics, stickers, animations , etc. 
Use 'em all. Test 'em all. You'll be surprised how effective they are. Let's dive in. 
Copyrighr C 2025 by BUMBLE IP, LLC NOT FOR DISTRIBUTION 9 

---PAGE---

PART I: AD KALEIDO SCO PE 
• Same Ad. New Speeds: Yes, you can literally just speed up or slow down the ad. Just 
run it at 1.1 to l .2x the speed (without making the voice of the person in the ad sound 
weird). Sometimes faster and slower versions convert better. And even if they just convert 
the same .. . they convert the same as a top performer ... making them top performers . 
• Same Ad. New Filters: Think black and white , sepia, higher contrast , etc. You just 
want to change the way the ad looks. The ad on the right demonstrates higher contrast 
compared to the original on the left. 
10 
t1'1N£(~ ft(~l1A'jlf 
, c:tiOIY<>~$1 '5,c.ro /"'O 
Copyright Q 2025 by BUMBLE IP, LLC NOT FOR DISTRIBUTION 

---PAGE---

PART I: AD KAL EIDOSCOPE 
• Same Ad. New Background/Border: It can be as simple as changing the background 
color in the ad. You can also put a thin trim around the border of the ad (especially true 
with images). You can vary the colors of the trim as well. 
• Same Ad. New Fonts/Captions: You can change the fonts you use in the text for the ad 
or headline. 
AGENCY OWNERS 
$1,500/mo to $15,000/mo Clients 
How we SWITCHED 
.. 
Agency Owners 
$1500/mo to $1&,000/mo Clients 
How We SWIJCHED 
• Same Ad. New Headline: On some platforms, you can put different headlines on top of 
an ad, or you can put a headline on the top third of the ad itsel( 
AGENCY OWNERS 
$1 ,500/mo to $15,000/mo Clients 
How we SWITCHED 
.. 
Looking To Partner With 
5 AGENCY OWNERS 
Copyright 0 2025 by BUMBLE IP, LLC NOT FOR DISTRIBUTI ON 11 

---PAGE---

• 
• 
12 
PART I: AD KAL EIDOSCO PI:. 
Same Ad. New Medium: Take a winning hook or headline from a video. Make it into 
a standalone static image. 
Same Ad. New Format: Make different versions native to each ad placement on each 
platform . 
... 
Copyright C 2025 by BUMBLE IP, LLC NOT FOR DISTRIBUTION 

---PAGE---

,--
PART I: AD KALEIDOSCO PE 
• Same Hook. New Meat: When you find your best performer, pair the winning hook 
with a different "ad meat" you've already recorded. (Note: I don't have a screenshot because 
it would be identical, but this is the structure) 
Hook! Hook! Hook! CTA 1 
• Same Ad. New Visual Effects: You can add or change the visual effects in the original 
ad. You can add doodads and wizbangs to your heart's desire. The ones that will matter 
most are the ones you do earlier (the hook), since this is what most people will see first . 
... 
When remixing, you vary all the aforementioned . That means once you find your 
winner, you can immediately make a kajillion variations by changing combinations of the 
variables. And since these can all be done on a computer, that means lots more ads without 
extra recording time. 
Beyond that though, remixes tend to fatigue faster than remakes. Main reason- they 
tend to look more similar, which is both good and bad. Good because the original worked . 
Bad because they won't have the same "shelf life" as more differentiated ads. 
So to create remakes, you need to record again (or using AI, generate new subject matter). 
And that leads us to the other way of making permutations ... 
Copyright C 2025 by BUMBLE IP, LLC NOT FOR DISTRIBUTION 13 

---PAGE---

PART I: AD KALEIDOS CO PE 
Remaking Winners 
Remakes happen during recording. This means we're actually changing the real world 
components of che ad. That's what differentiates this list from the list above-you actually 
need co record again. As such they take more effort, which is why I put chem second . Bue, 
this is where you can keep a winner performing.for years. To be clear though, you should be 
doing both simultaneously if you really want co advertise like a pro. 
These are all the different ways co cake an existing ad and remake it without losing what 
made it a winner to begin with . Like before, these are my favorite ways co remake my highe st 
performing ads into hundreds of variations: 
Same Ad ... (again from easiest to hardest) 
• New Clone - Same everything, just hie record again 
• New Props - Swap one object for another 
• New Examples - Change names/numbers in same script 
• New Setting - Move co different locatio n 
• New Talent - Find, coordinate, and direct different person 
• New Combination - Multiple changes at once 
Like before, I put example images below the text that describes them . Lee's dive in. 
• New Clone: You literally record the same ad again in a new session. Like fingerprints , no 
cwo recording sessions will be exactly the same. Time of day, weather , lighting , sound , 
will all create tiny variations chat make it different enough co convert like new . 
.. 
14 Copyright C 2025 by BUMBLE IP, LLC NOT FOR DISTRIBUT ION 

---PAGE---

PART I: AD KALEIDO SCOPE 
• New Props: If you didn't use props before, add them now. If you did use props before, use 
new ones (or remove them!). This also includes costumes, hair styles, jewelry/accessories, 
and so on. This creates significant variation while allowing for the same winning script ... 
so it stays likely to convert. In the example, I removed the banana prop. 
• New Examples: Record the same ad, but use a different example as either the hook or 
the meat. In this ad, I start with the last month 's lowest performer on the leaderboard. 
The next month, I swapped the number and the name of the person. The rest of the ad 
remained the same. And .. . it worked again. 
Copyright C 2025 by BUMBLE IP, LLC NOT FOR DIST RIBUTION 15 

---PAGE---

PART I: AD KALEIDOSCOPE 
• New Setting: The same script of your winning ad in a different setting. You can do the 
same ad at the beach, in your car, or in your office. A different place makes the same ad 
new again. On the left, I record in my studio. On the right , I record the same script in 
my office. 
• 
16 
New Talent: Record the same ad with different people. Ideally, you should find talent 
that looks like the people that buy your stuff. For example, if you make stuff for 
midwestern men ages 18-25 then ... then make more versions with different 18-25 year 
old midwestern men! If you want more women , then use more women. This is a wildly 
underutilized variation style. 
... 
IF 1 Lo<.i-r ~~ri.. ,,,,,, I 
~ ~Jr '.J~~ D"f. \N 
SQ~ 
Copy right 0 2025 by BUMBLE IP, LLC NOT FOR DISTRIBUT ION 

---PAGE---

PART I: AD KALEIDOSCOPE 
• New Combinations: You can do a new prop coupled with a new post-production 
effect. You can have new talent say the same script with a new filter or headline . The 
combinations give you endless permutations. Once you find a winner, milk it for all . , 
ltS got. 
Here's the beauty of this-you 're putting the most effort into the thing that has the 
highest likelihood of winning. This is leverage. You get a higher return on your time. 
Next Steps 
When starting, run as many ads as you can until you find a winner. As soon as you do, 
run it through the Kaleidoscope-and make more winners. 80% of your energy goes into 
making Kaleidoscope variations, and the other 20% goes into a totally new ad that beats 
the original winners. The Kaleidoscope keeps you competitive now, the new ads keep you 
competitive forever. And that 's what this is all about. 
It's so simple, the only thing simpler is not doing it-which is what most people tU>-and 
get the results most people get: none. 
With that being said, Kaleidoscope is about getting more from winners. But, if you 
don't have any winners .. . I'll let you borrow mine. 
Copyright C 2025 by BUMBLE IP, LLC NOT FOR DISTRIBUTION 17 

---PAGE---

18 Copyrigh1 C 2025 by BUMBLE IP, LLC NOT FOR DISTRJBlITION 

---PAGE---

PART II: MY ADS BLACKBOOK: 
BEST 20 AD FRAMEWORKS 
OF ALL TIME 
These are the 20 best ad frameworks of all time. I demonstrate my five best frameworks 
across four different businesses: Gym Launch, ALAN, Skool, and $JOOM Leads. 
When I called this a Blackbook, I meant it. I refer to this list whenever I make ads today. 
Period. In fact, if you're reading these words right now, it proves they work. 
I use these ad frameworks across different industries and they still crush. So no matter 
what business you're in, you can use these ad frameworks to achieve better results. 
I'm going to say this again because someone is gonna say "This ad is for B2B, so it won't 
work for me" or "This ad is about making money so it won't apply to my lawncare service". 
You're wrong. It will. You just need to replace the blocks with words that describe your 
service/product and benefits. Do not think "this won't work for me" think "how can I make 
this work for me". Every great entrepreneur I know thinks this way. So you might as well 
start now. If you want to test yourself, you should be able to rum every ad into a B2C, B2B, 
service, SaaS, or product ad. That's how you'll really know you've "gotten it". 
The Sections: 
Section I: My 5 Best Gym Launch Ad Frameworks 
Section II: My 5 Best ALAN Ad Frameworks 
Section III: My 5 Best Skool Ad Frameworks 
Section IV: My 5 Best Book Launch Ad Frameworks 
Section V: Checklists 
Copyright C 2025 by BUMBLE IP, LLC NOT FOR DISTRIBUTION 19 

---PAGE---

PART JI MY ADS BLACKBOOK : BEST 20 AD FRAMEWORKS OF ALL T IME 
What You'll Sec for Every Wmning Ad Framework 
I) Ad Framework Type 
2) Why This Ad Framework Rocks: how this ad came to be, why I like it, and other 
useful tidbits 
3) Thumbnail+ Link: So you can watch and see them in action. 
4) Visual Hook: A description of the first three seconds of motion and design that 
stopped the scroll. 
5) Ad Copy: The exact words from the ad. I also include within the copy me breaking 
down what's happening as it's happening (I DO THESE IN ALL CAPS). I find ic 
more useful than doing it separately. 
6) How To Apply This Framework: Directions to follow co apply chis style and 
structure to advertise whatever you sell. This comes in two parts. The "what to say" 
and the "how co show it". So, you'll also see more visual notes than you're probably 
used to from me. I do this so you can actually make these winners for your business. 
What To Do Next 
For anyone who needs winners, these frameworks will give you a headstarc. For anyone 
who already has winners, these will just give you more. 
These are the output of tens of millions of dollars and years of iterations. They are my 
greatest hits. These ads funded payroll, paid mortgages, and scaled four companies. Now 
they're yours. Use them responsibly- preferably co put a dent in your revenue ceiling. 
With that said, lee's scare. 
20 Copyright C 2025 by BUMBLE IP, LLC NOT POR DISTRIBUTION 

---PAGE---

Section I: My Best Gym Launch Ad Frameworks 
Inside this section I'll give you my five best Gym Launch ad frameworks. I break them 
down in the following order: 
1) Personal Testimonial Ad 
2) Prop Comedy Ad 
3) Emotional Avatar Testimonial Ad 
4) Show Don,t Tell Ad 
5) Long Term Results Ad 
Now that we got formalities out of the way, lees dive into the ad ftamework that started 
it all. .. 
Copyright C 2025 by BUMBLE IP, LLC NOT FOR DISTRIBUTION 21 

---PAGE---

22 Copyrigh1 0 2025 by BUMBLE IP, LLC NOT FOR DISTRIBUT ION 

---PAGE---

Sl:.CTIO I: MY DE:.H GYM LAUNC H AD 1-RAMEWORKS 
Ad Framework #1: Personal Testimonial/Origin Story 
Why This Ad Framework Rocks: 
Believe it or not, the first time this ad framework worked, it was with a video I didn't 
even intend to be an ad. I made it for an online group I was a part of. I wanted to show how 
crazy a particular launch location was. Tons of people in the group said it was cool. Then 
one of them told me I should run it as a "meme style ad". I didn't know how to do that, so 
she showed me how to put meme style captions on a video. Then , I launched it ... and it 
took off. 
This ad framework functions like one gigantic open loop. The entire ad builds mystery. 
But, through building mystery, it also eliminates many of the implied objections that people 
have about why something won't work with their gym (location, bad neighborhood, gym size, 
price point, age, etc). 
It claims a ridiculous outcome up front, then shows circumstances that are opposite to 
what you'd expect to get that kind of outcome. Then, it keeps expanding on this open loop 
by stacking "anti-proof" of the situation until it finally snaps the loop closed or "pays off' 
the viewer at the very end with the stack of $500 bills (signed contracts). 
Any business can easily think about a situation that would make it less than ideal for 
a customer to get an outcome. Show all of those negatives in a row. Then show an insane 
outcome to prove your thing works regardless of circumstance. 
This works because there was a big promise, fast timeline, and the delivery/setting made 
it believable. It eliminates all the reasons someone would say it didn 't work for them in the 
ad itself with a massive payoff of proof at the end. 
This ad, and subsequent framework, took me from broke to not broke. It changed my 
life. It also goes to show you that you don't need to be fancy to win. Just use what you've got. 
Copyrigh1 C 2025 by BUMBLE IP, LLC NOT FOR DISTRIBUTION 23 

---PAGE---

PART If : MY ADS BLACKBOOK : BEST 20 AD FRAMEWORK S OF ALL TIME 
191 SIONUPS 
IN 19 DAYS 
@ scAN ME 
Visual Hook: 
• Shaky selfie style ad creates extra movement and looks more social native. 
• Pans to show the entire neighborhood. 
• This is definitel y curiosity-driven when paired with the verbal hook. The prospect 
might wonder: What is he showing us? What's the humble brag? 
Ad Copy: 
Hook 
Hey guys, I wanted to show you something kind of cool, a little bit of a humble brag, but, 
um, yeah. (HOOK - not the best hook, but it seemed so authentic, it worked) 
24 Copyright C 2025 by BUMBL E IP, LLC NOT POR DISTRIBUTION 

---PAGE---

SECTION I: MY BEST GYM LAUNCH AD FRAMEWORKS 
Meat/Offer 
So I'm opening this gym in kind of the middle of nowhere. It doesn't really look like, it's 
like a residential kind of neighborhood, kind of sketchy, (DAMAGING ADMISSION) but 
I wanna show you something (CURIOSITY). So, even though, you know, don't let your 
circumstances make you feel like your, uh, uh, like you can't sell, usually it's just your pitch. 
Um, she's like, how sketchy does this look right? (CURIOSITY) I'd be sketched out. So people 
are coming up these stairs, they're like, oh my God, why am I doing this? (CURIOSITY) 
Looks so sketchy. Look at these bars and these windows. Oh my God, what am I getting 
into? (CURIOSITY) Like, what is this? (CURIOSITY) Like, ah, I'm saying, yeah, this 
is gonna be a gym. (DAMAGING ADMISSION/RELATABILITY - the entire intro is a 
combination of curiosity-driven and re/,a,table) 
It's gonna be amazing. Look, we got some stuff here. Here's a bathroom that I don't even 
know. Here's some stuff. Here's some stuff. What 's going on? (CURIOSITY) Hold on. So 
the other side's like, wait, is it an apartment? (CURIOSITY) I don't even know. Is it sort of, 
it's like in the middle of the living room, there's some paintings on the wall and this is it, 
right? (CURIOSITY) 
But somehow, here's the cool part. 
These are all 500 bills, so (DREAM OUTCOME/PROOF) 
you can sell wherever you want. So, uh, don't let that stop you. 
How To Apply This Ad Framework: 
Make a wild promise/ claim in the first five seconds. Open with the end result your 
prospects crave ("We added $42k in 19 days"). Keep it short- no details yet. (Ihe ad does 
this visually rather than in the copy). 
Show yourself in an obviously '~ong" environment. Film in a setting that looks 
incompatible with the promise (run-down storefront, tiny bedroom office, deserted parking 
lot, etc). Mention the flaws aloud (bad neighborhood, zero foot traffic, ugly walls, ancient 
equipment). 
Walle the viewer through a rapid "problems tour". Move the camera and rattle off 
every objection prospects normally raise: "Too hard to find." "No fancy decor." "Prices look 
crazy high." "We're brand new / too old / too small." Each objection is "anti-proof " that 
keeps curiosity piqued. 
Copyright C 2025 by BUMBLE IP, LLC NOT FOR DISTRIBUTION 25 
- _ __ I 

---PAGE---

PART II: MY ADS 81..ACKBOOK : BEST 20 AD FRAMEWORKS OF ALL 1 IMI: 
Expand the open loop and stack more negatives. Keep revealing fresh reasons success 
shouldn't happen here (broken sign, cramped space, outdated website) . Let curiosity build. 
Offer no resolution yet. 
Snap the loop closed with overwhelming proof. End the tour by shoving irrefutable 
evidence into the focus: A stack of cash, signed contracts, fully booked calendar, Shopify 
dashboard-all tied to the original wild promise/claim. Say one plain sentence that connects 
dots ("If we can sell here, you can sell anywhere."). 
Deliver the takeaway and soft CfA. Tie the lesson to the prospect's own limiting 
belief ("Your results aren't about location-just the pitch"). Invite them to the next step 
(download, book a call, start a trial). 
26 Copyright C 2025 by BUMBLE JP, LLC NOT FOR DISTRIBUTION 

---PAGE---

SECTION I: MY BEST GYM LAUN C H AD FRAMEWORKS 
Ad Framework #2: Prop Comedy 
Why This Ad Framework Rocks 
I always wanted to make a "Dollar Shave Club" style ad but never had the resources (or 
skill). Finally, I had a good enough videographer to do this with. So we scripted the whole 
thing out. One phrase at a time. Then tried to pair each phrase with some prop/scene that 
was funny and fast moving. 
This was an entertaining ad. The music and visuals do a lot of work here. It's clear and to 
the point. We taught gyms how to advertise, so our ads had to be good . Our ads were proof 
that we knew what we were doing. These types of ads don't try to do too much. The point is 
to get the right person to click with the right intent. This accomplishes that . 
ID SCAN Mf 
Copyrigh1 C 2025 by BUMBLE IP, LLC NOT FOR DISTRIBUTION 27 

---PAGE---

PART II: MY ADS BLACKBOOK : BEST 20 AD FRAMEWO RKS OF ALL TIME 
Visual Hooks: 
• First scene already in the gym, because I'm targeting gym owners. This seems obvious , 
and yet so few people ever do it. Your avatar should immediately see the background , 
clothing, and spokesperson as "like them" co increase the likelihood they respond. 
• Motion on camera (approaching subject), motion on subject {lifting weights) . 
• Second scene changes within half a second. 
Ad Copy: 
Hook 
Are you a gym owner? (CALL OUT) 
Meat/Offer 
Do you wane high ticket online clients? (DREAM OUTCOME ) 
Do you wane chis in as little as 30 days? (SPEED) 
It's possible. We're already doing it. (PERCEIVED LIKELIHOOD) 
CTA 
To find out how you can too , click the link, download the case studies, schedule a call time . 
We'll see you on the ocher side. ( CTA) 
How Apply This Ad Framework: 
Map the value-equation questions. Write three to four "Yes" prompts chat hit dream 
outcome, speed, ease, and proof Ex. "Are you a gym owner?" ➔ "Wane high-ticket client s in 
30 days?" Keep each line three to five seconds max. The lase one should be a CTA. 
Assign one prop + one mini-setting per line . Make sure the first setting is one your 
avatar recognizes so they know it's for chem. After that , try and match the prop to the line if 
you can. If you can't, just try to make it fun and interesting. 
Film each line separately. Shoot all lines in order but as individual clips. Keep talent 
centered and moving (step forward , lift prop, spin around). 
28 Copyrigh1 C 2025 by BUMBLE IP, LLC NOT FOR DISTRIBUTION 

---PAGE---

SECT ION I: MY BEST GYM LAUNC H AD FRAMEWORKS 
Use whip-cuts or camera swings between clips. Finish each clip with a fast pan ; start 
the next clip continuing that morion. The mome ntum "drags" viewers forward without 
missing a beat. *This is super importa nt for the pace of the ad* 
Layer upbeat music with captions . Choose a royalty-free track (found that out the 
hard way). Make captions in huge, high-contrast font to match the spoken line. 
Finish with a CTA card. Show the CTA with the spokesperson pointing to it. Freeze­
frame the last card for one full second so they have time to read it and take action. Bonus 
points: I learned this later, actually screenshare the page they'll go to and demonstrate opting in 
so they know what happens next. 
Copyright C 2025 by BUMBLE IP, LLC NOT FOR DISTRIBUTION 29 

---PAGE---

30 Copyrigh1 C 2025 by BUMBLE IP, LLC NOT FOR DISTRJBUTION 

---PAGE---

SE.CTTO ~ l 1✓.Y RE5f Gib<! U\UNCH AD B.A:V..£110RD 
Ad Framework #3: Emotional Avatar Testimonial 
Why lhis Ad Framework Rocks 
This ad framework absolutely C RUSHf.S _ It birrhed one of m y best ads of all time 
(broken down below)_ We cllil y ran 100+ variations of this one piece of crca.rive alone_ And 
they all perfo rmed. 
l h is ad features Cale :.md Maggi e who were some of my first Gym l.2un ch ru.srnmcrs. 
l hcir lives had obviously change d since using rhe systems at Gym Launch. They asked if 
they could do anyrhing for me in return_ I asked them ro film a testi monial and gave rhcm 
six points co hit: 1) v.n ar was life like before perso nal ly and 2) professionally- 3) ~bac 
skepticism did you have and 4) v.-hy did you choose ro take actio n anyways_ 5) ~bat was life 
afi:er like personally and 6) profossionaily. 
And rhcy kno cked it out of rhc park. I don't ch ink we've had a testimonial ourperform 
this one in the company's history. Le e's break it down so you can ll5C it. 
- We were two months 
from shutting our doors. 
@ SCAN VE 
C '?"nfb,: 0 Jll~; IT? i5Dl8L.E U: U.C 1'v T Fm:. D£.5TIUB:. 'TIOt-: 31 

---PAGE---

ECTION I: MY 81·. T GYM LAUNCH AD FRAMl:.WORKS 
Ad Framework #3: Emotional Avatar Testimonial 
Why This Ad Framework Rocks 
This ad framework absolutely CRUSHES. It birthed one of my best ads of all time 
(broken down below). We easily ran 100+ variations of this one piece of creative alone. And 
they all performed .. 
This ad features Cale and Maggie who were some of my first Gym Launch customers. 
Their lives had obviously changed since using the systems at Gym Launch. They asked if 
they could do anything for me in return. I asked them to film a testimonial and gave chem 
six points to hit: 1) what was life like before personally and 2) professionally. 3) What 
skepticism did you have and 4) why did you choose to take action anyways. 5) What was life 
after like personally and 6) professionally. 
And they knocked it out of the park. I don't think we've had a testimonial outperform 
this one in the company 's history. Let's break it down so you can use it. 
- We were two months 
from shutting our doors. 
@ st AN Mf 
Copyright C 2025 by BUMLILE II', LLC NOT FOR DISTRIBUT ION 31 

---PAGE---

PART II: MY ADS BLACKBOOK: BEST 20 AD FRAM EWORKS OF ALL TIME 
Visual Hook: 
• Visual proof begins showing Cale and Maggie with their gym behind them. Again , 
make sure the ideal avatar thinks "this is for me". Cale and Maggie look and talk 
like gym owners (because they are). This also-unsurprisingly-brought in more 
married couple owners. 
• The frame changes within half a second to an extremely empty looking gym and a 
sad looking Cale. 
• Emotional music is also playing (we remixed dozens of different music variations). 
Ad Copy: 
Hook -
We were two months from shutting our doors. (HOOK) 
Meat/Offer 
When we started, we had about 31 members (PAIN). We were making about four grand a 
month (PAIN). Maggie was pregnant with our second (STAKES). I had actually gone and 
gotten another job in order just to literally put food on the table (PAIN). I was working 
really long hours, coaching in the morning, going to work (PAIN). 
Coaching in the evening wasn't sustainable (PAIN). There was no light at the end of the 
tunnel (PAIN). We weren't happy with where we were at (PAIN), and we joined Gym Launch 
(TURNING POINT). We buckled down and we followed the system and we followed it 
to a T. 18 months later. Um, I haven't coached a class in a year (LESS BAD STUFF). Now 
we've gone from 31 members to over 200 easily. (MORE GOOD STUFF) 
We're able to take our kids to school in the morning (GOOD STUFF). We're able to be at 
home with them at night and make dinner for them (GOOD STUFF), go to their gymnastics 
or soccer (GOOD STUFF). We literally went from being every day in our gym to hiring a 
full staff and being able to step away in four and a half months. (FAST BAD TO GOOD 
STUFF) 
It's not easy, but it's comp letely worth it. (DAMAGING ADMISSION) 
And I would encourage any gym owner that's sitting there on the verge and they're, they're 
tired of what they're doing (CALL OUT). They wanna help more people and they wanna 
have more freedom in their life, spend more time with their family, and really create a 
32 Copyright C 202~ by BUMBLE Jr, LLC NOT FOR DISTRIBUTION 

---PAGE---

SECT ION I: MY BEST GYM LAUN C H AD FRAM EWORK S 
legacy, um, in their community (DREAM OUTCOME). And personally to join Alex 
and Leila because it's completely changed our life, um, both personally (INTERNAL 
TRANSFORMATION) as well as, uh, financially (EXTERNAL STATUS) and also helped 
us reach more people in our community, which is ultimately what we started a gym for. 
(INTERNAL TRANSFORMATION + EXTERNAL STATUS) 
CTA 
There's a better way to build a gym, download these 11 frameworks that we use to build 
million dollar gyms (CTA). 
How To Apply This Ad Framework: 
Pick a client and record them in a setting that communicates that they're like your 
avatar visually. This instantly signals "for gym owners" and, by showing both spouses fit 
and present, pulls in married-owner prospects. 
Show sad setting fast. Cut within half a second to an empty, gloomy shot of the same 
setting and add a gentle, emotional soundtrack. The visual contrast plus music sets the 
mood for hardship before words are spoken. 
Open with a blunt pain statement. "We were two months from shutting our doors" 
then stack five-to-six rapid-fire pains and stakes. Ex: low member count, tiny revenue, 
pregnancy, second job, and crushing work hours-each line a quick jump-cut to keep 
viewers locked in. 
Mark a clear turning point. "We bought [Your Product/Service]" and describe the 
disciplin ed work phase. Keep this portion short; the audience only needs to hear that there's 
work and to set realistic expectations: Ex: "followed the system to a T. It was hard but worth 
it". Switch to upbeat music at the turning point in the ad. 
Describe/show the dream outcome with numbers and personal benefits. Ex: the 
member surge (31 ➔ 200+), profit jump, kids taken to school, dinners at home-each 
positive matched with uplifting B-roll (if you can, if not, words work). 
Highlight the speed and ease. Ex: "hired staff, stepped away in 4.5 month s". This 
tackles the "too slow/too hard" objection before it forms. 
Insert a brief, honest disclaimer. Ex: "It's not easy, but it's completely worth it". The 
damaging admission boosts credibility and decreases skepticism. 
Copyright C 2025 by BUMBLE IP, LLC NOT FOR DISTRIBUTION 33 

---PAGE---

PART II. MY ADS BLACK BOOK · REST 20 AD FRAMEWO RKS OF ALL T IME 
Give a condensed "reason why'' to take action. Talent should mirror the prospect 's 
pain, then paint their bigger dream (freedom, legacy, community impact). Lee the customer 
speak directly to camera so prospects feel the invitation is personal. 
End with one crystal-dear CTA on screen. Plus add in voice-over. Ex: "Dow nload 
the 11 frameworks we used to build million -dollar gyms". Use a bold numeric hook and a 
button graphic so the next step is clear. 
Remember the narrative rhythm: PERSONAL STAKES ➔ PERSONAL PAIN 
➔ PROFESSIONAL PA1N ➔ TURNING POINT ➔ WORK ➔ PROFESSIONAL 
GOOD ➔ PERSONAL GOOD ➔ ADDRESS SKEPTICISM ➔ REASON WHY➔ CTA 
Follow that sequence and you'll do just fine. 
34 
Copyright O 2025 by BUMBLE Ir, LLC NOT FOR DISTRIBUTION 

---PAGE---

Sl·.CTION I: MY BEST GYM LAUNCH AD FRAMEWORKS 
Ad Framework #4 Show Don't Tell 
Why This Ad Framework Rocks 
I discovered chis framework at a time when I was learning more about proof. In shore, 
the closer a prospect can approximate the proof to their situation , the lower the risk, and by 
extension, the more compelling it is. So for example, someone who doesn't look like them, 
in a different country, says they own a gym, and chat it got full, is far less compelling than 
someone who looks like them, down the street, at their gym, with a line out the door they 
can see. 
I sold "make your gym more profitable". The way to show that was a packed class. So 
I asked my community to send me videos of their most packed times. And ... these ads 
crushed. I reused chis format many many many times. Below was the most successful of that 
entire family of ads. And it serves as proof chat you don't even need ad copy. Just showing the 
result clearly enough can be an ad in and of itself. Proof works better than just about anything 
else for persuading people. 
Reminder : Ads don't need co be fancy. They need co get people co click. 
@ scAN ME 
Copyright C 2025 by BUMBL E IP, LLC NOT FOR DISTRIBUTION 35 

---PAGE---

PART 11: MY ADS BLACKBOOK: BEST 20 AD FRAMEWORKS OF ALL TIME 
Visual Hook: 
• Bold red text at top with clear "dream outcome" with high ticket price point . 
• Proves the headline by showing a completely full class. 
• The visual demonstrates the dream outcome-packed clmses. Show not tell. 
• Many people moving at once almost always draws attention. (Remember this. It's a 
big one. The only thing better than many people moving at once is many people 
moving at once in unison). This is a massive pro tip. 
Ad Copy: No telling. All showing. 
How To Apply This Ad Framework: 
Show the outcome happening instead of saying it happened. Ask current customers 
who match your target avatar to film their "dream outcome proof moment". The more the 
ad shows viewers' own dream outcome, the lower the perceived risk. Ex: Don't say you can 
get their phone to ring off the hook, show their packed calendars. Don't say you can fill their 
gym, show them what their gym could look like-show them a line around the block. Don't say 
you fix their credit-show them reacting to paying off their !mt loan and getting a card in the 
mail with 1 Ox their old limit. Etc. 
Frame what they're looking at. Use the fewest possible words and numbers to frame 
what they're looking at imme diately. We don't want them to have to figure out. Do this in 
post production . Use a high-contrast color to grab their eye. 
Get people to move in unison if possible. We pay attentio n when we see lots of 
humans doing the same stuff at the same time. Think synchronized swimming, flash mobs, 
cheerleading teams. We can't help but stare. This stops the scroll far better than narration 
ever can. This is a massive pro tip that people will skip over. This ad only shows many people 
moving, but not in unison. If it were in unison-it would be even better. 
Proof does the talking. The proof should be so clear you don't need to add narration 
(if possible). If you have to use words for people to know what it means, you'll have a less 
effective ad. Not to say it won't work, but if you can demonstrate it without words it'll work 
that much better. Also, a fun side benefit of this style is that non-verbal clips also tend to get 
more reach organically. 
36 Copyright C 2025 by BUMBLE IP, LLC NOT FOR DISTRIBUTION 

---PAGE---

ECTION I: MY BEST GYM LAUNCH AD FRAMEWORKS 
Non-verbal ads need non-verbal CTAs. For chis type of ad, there are no words, so 
make sure you add a visual CTA chat works without narration/speaking . The ad shows them 
"This could be you" and the button cells them what co do next. 
Copyright O 2015 by BUMBU. JP, LLC NOT FOR DISTRIBUTION 37 

---PAGE---

38 Copyright C 2025 by BUMBLE IP, LLC NOT FOR DISTRIBUTION 

---PAGE---

SECT ION I: MY BEST GYM LAUNCH AD FRAMEWORKS 
Ad Framework #5 Long Term Result 
Why This Ad Framework Rocks 
This is one of my top ad frameworks from a family of ads I called "the one year later 
campaign ". Basically, I contrast my results against the "one trick ponies" in my industry. 
They're all talking about small results in short timelines. I want to show bigger results on 
longer timelines. It shows we're legit. When I discovered these, I didn't realize it would 
become our most successful campaign (in aggregate) of all time. 
By focusing on the numbers that mattered to them, and setting realistic expectations, 
it brings in the absolute highest quality customers. These calls and customers cost more to 
acquire-but they paid more, stayed longer, got better results, and referred friends. 
To be clear, poor beginner customers will absolutely buy "get rich quick" but then you're 
only selling to poor beginners. The more advanced your prospect, the more informed they 
are. They know it takes time. They know it takes work. They just want to make sure you're 
at their level and can help them get to the next one. 
Interestingly, when I ran this the first time, the cost per call for this campaign was 
higher than our KPis. I almost turned the campaign off, but my sales team begged me not 
to. This campaign taught me an important lesson: don't optimize for CAC, optimize for 
LTV:CAC. This type of ad doesn't optimize for cheap leads, it optimizes for big spenders. 
Said differently, you can get $100 customers who pay you $200 or you can get $1,000 
customers that pay you $10,000. They'll cost more but you'll make more. 
This style also taught me to make ads that don't just attract your genre of customer (any 
gym owner), but the exact customer you want (advanced gym owner). And the easiest way to 
do that is talk about the things those customers care about. So be specific. Use language that 
only the upper echelon of customers would understand. 
For the most part, you'll get the upper market and the smaller market. But only talking 
to a beginner never gets the advanced guy. And besides, no one else will talk to the advanced 
customer because they're afraid to ostracize any customers. So it's ripe for the taking. 
Copyright C 2025 by BUMBLE IP, LLC NOT FOR DISTRIBUTION 39 

---PAGE---

PART II: MY ADS BLACKBOOK: BEST 20 AD FRAM EWORKS OF ALL TIMI-. 
4x Lifespan 
I) SCAN ME 
Visual Hook: 
• The avatar in their place of work: A gym owner, in a gym. Again. It's so simpl e, and 
yet few do it. 
• A whiteboard with reference numbers creates more proof and believability. 
• This attracts a more affluent gym owner. NOT a struggling gym- but average gyms 
that want to become great gyms . 
• Headline shows a wild before and after 93 ➔321 and includes client lifespan (not a 
normal discussion for beginners in this industry). 
40 Copyright O 2025 by BUM BLE IP, LLC NOT FOR DISTRIB UTION 

---PAGE---

SECT ION I: MY BEST GYM LAUNCH AD FRAMEWORKS 
Ad Copy: 
Hook 
My profit was $0 . I had a few part-time people helping me out. I was working 60 plus hours 
a week. (PAIN HOOK) 
Meat/Offer 
At that point. We were really struggling and failing business (PAIN), um, and really just 
running on my passion. Uh, and I really was not able to see a path towards a future in small 
business, uh, particularly with gyms. (PAIN) 
Uh, for myself and my family, we joined Gym Launch, uh, in March of2017 (DECISION). 
Within the first few months, we had tripled revenue. Now we've grown it through the 
techniques, uh, that we've learned from Alex and Gym Launch (GUIDE) to over $83,000 
a month (EXTERNAL GOOD STUFF). Went from 93, uh, members that were leaving 
pretty quickly to now. We have 321 members (EXTERNAL GOOD STUFF), uh, as of this 
month, and we're gonna hit 400 by spring, and we've got an attrition of under 2%, uh, every 
single month. (EXTERNAL GOOD STUFF) 
Last year, I've got six full-time people who all make over 40, $45,000 a year as much as 
$75,000 a year. (INTERNAL GOOD STUFF - took pride in paying people) 
CTA 
Thank you, Gym Launch. Thank you Alex and Leila. Uh, and I look forward to, uh, you 
know, joining mid meeting , more of you in the, the Gym Launch group as we, as we go. 
(CTA) 
How To Apply This Ad Framework: 
Open with a visual that matches the avatar plus wild before/after headline. Film 
your ideal customer in their own workspace (chef in the kitchen, contractor on-site, founder 
at the desk). Show a bold industry specific on-screen stat like "Revenue $0 ➔ $83k" and/or 
"Users 93 ➔ 321 (12-mo lifespan)." 
Hook with a single pain sentence. Lead off camera: "My profit was zero and I was 
working 60-hour weeks." One line is enough to make the right prospect think, that's me. 
Copyright C 2025 by BUMBLE IP, LLC NOT FOR DISTRIBUTION 41 

---PAGE---

PART II: MY ADS BLACKBOOK: BEST 20 AD FRAMEWORKS OF ALL TIME 
Stack two to three more specific pains. Ex: Mention hours, cash burn, family pressure­
details only an advanced avatar would relate to. More advanced prospects will lean in when 
the struggle sounds exactly like theirs. Pain always works. But the pain has to be their pain, 
not someone else's. 
Mark the decision point. Small but important detail: make sure they name your solution 
and when they did it ("We joined in March 2023 "). The timestamp increases credibility by 
a lot. 
Show two wins--the Fast Wm and the Big Win. Ex: Fast Win: "Within three months 
we tripled revenue." Big Win : "Today we clear $83k/month with <2 o/o churn ." Two tiers 
show both quick payoff and long-term climb. You want both. 
Add more detail to further prove the initial claim. Display metrics only advanced 
people would understand that would be aligned with the larger proof (revenue/growth)­
L1V, churn, margin, head count, salaries, etc. The deeper the metric, the more advanced the 
avatar you attract . 
Don't forget life improvements and "soft'' benefits. "Six full-time staff now earn 
$45-75k; I take my kids to school every day." Human outcomes make the financials 
feel real-and the prospect feel better. It'll also cover both types of avatars-some people 
genuinely want the "soft stuff" more , others want the "money stuff," so covering both angles 
in the ad gets you both types of avatars. 
Reason why CTA. Have the spokesperson/testimonial restate the hook and tie the 
outcome to the call to action. A simple "Thanks to [you/product], excited to meet more of 
you inside" works as an implicit CTA. Massive tip: Advanced prospects respond better to 
peer endorsement than you . Get them to make the invitation to them if you can. 
42 Copyright C 2025 by BUMBLE IP, LLC NOT FOR DISTRIBUTION 

---PAGE---

Section II: My Best ALAN Ad Frameworks 
Inside this section I'll give you my five best ALAN ad frameworks. I break them down 
in the following order: 
I) Looking for 5 
2) New vs. Old 
3) Why You Will Never 
4) The "Nort h Star" 
5) No BS Selfie 
Let's start with the first ... 
Copyright C 2025 by BUMBLE IP, LLC NOT FOR DISTR1 BUTION 43 

---PAGE---

44 Copyrigh1 0 2025 by BUMBLE IP, LLC NOT FOR DISTRJBUTION 

---PAGE---

SECT ION II: MY BEST ALAN AD FRAMEWORKS 
Ad Framework #1 Looking For 5 Avatars ... 
Why This Ad Framework Rocks 
'Tm looking for# AVATARS who are looking to DREAM OUTCOME." 
This is one of the most classic direct response ads of all time. It works in any niche . It 
worked 70 years ago. It works today. It'll likely work tomorrow. When I launch something 
new, I'll almo st always start with an ad like this . 
This also works great for organic audiences. To make it more effective, you can also 
mention who you aren't lookingfor. Be as specific as possible-it 'll further increase credibility. 
On top of that, what takes thes e ads to the next level is a compelling reason why. For 
mine, I wanted to dominat e other niche s. And that made sense. So, that was the angle. Use 
these if you are just starting to run paid ads or moneti ze your audience . Simple and brutally 
effective. To furth er prove the point, below is an ad from my gym days I dug up using the 
same template. It's a simple image with the copy. The second is the ALAN top performer­
and the one I'll breakdown fully in this chapt er. 
~ United Fitness - La Habra 
J.:!:a Sponsored • \11 
V 
WE ARE LOOKING FOR 30 LOCAL WOMEN AND MEN TO LOSE 
WEIGHT AND TRANSFORM THEIR BODIES FOR FREE IN 6 WEEKS. 
Apply al: '-------~ 
You will receive: 
-Cuslomized food preparation Instructions 
-Personal eating plan 
•Accountablllty coach & group 
-6 weeks of unlimited training sessions 
-Family of support to help you acoomplish your goals and make tt a lttestyle 
change 
We only ask that once you completely change your body that we can share 
your transformation with others. When you complete the program ... It's free 
Apply at:....._ _____ ~ 
INFAMOUS 6 WEEK 
CHALLENGE - HOME OF ... 
ww .'L.-___ _____ ___. 
Sign Up 
Copyright © 2025 by BUMBLE 11', LLC NOT FOR D ISTRIBUT ION 45 

---PAGE---

Visual Hook: 
PART II: M Y ADS BLA C KBOOK: BEST 20 AD FRAMEWO RKS OF All. TI M E 
Looking To Partner With 
5 AGENCY OWNERS -
- If you are a local Lead 
Gen Agency, 
i) SCAN ME 
• Man in front of whiteboard = educational = value 
• Think of this as "aducational " 
• An educationa l setting works better with more complex products 
Ad Copy: 
Hook 
If you are a local lead gen agency that markets for one single niche and is doing $15,000 
a month or more in recurring revenue (CALL OUT) and is trying to get to a hundred 
thousand a month, 250 a month, 500, a million plus per month in one niche, (DREAM 
OUTCOME) then I have something very special for you. So right now I'm looking for five 
agencies that I can help do exactly that . (HOOK) 
46 Copyright © 2025 by BUMBLE IP, LLC NOT FOR DISTRJBUTION 
- --- ----------- ---- j 

---PAGE---

SECTIO N II: MY BEST ALAN AD FRAM EWORKS 
Meat/Offer 
And the difference between what I'm trying to do and probably everything else that you 
see is that. Most people in the marketplace that help agencies made their money helping 
agencies, they didn't actua lly make their money dominating a niche . (OLD WAY/OTHER 
GUYS) So to date , we are at 98-and-a-half million dollars in revenue in a single niche of 
gyms in our other business. (US/PROOF) 
And so I'm looking for the people who want to actually do that and learn that from somebody 
who's actually done it. That being said, my goal here is not to sell a thousand people a 1 Ok 
course. That's just not my game. (US VS. THEM) What I'm trying to do is find a handful 
of high value partners that I can align with and make my one irresistible offer for you, which 
is if we make a ton of money together, you make a lot of money, I make a lot of money, but 
if what I help you within your business doesn't make you a red cent, then I don't gee paid. 
(OFFER) 
Fair enough. If that sounds interesting to you. Then what I'd like you to do is click the link, 
app ly (CTA) and then my executive assistant or someone on my team is actually gonna reach 
out and first qualify just to make sure that you actually meet those requirements (NEXT 
STEPS) that I just said. Um, but then if it works as a partnership, then we'll be able to 
align and I'll give you everything in my arsenal to help you scale very quickly. (DREAM 
OUTCOME + SPEED) 
CTA 
All right, and so anyways, if that sounds interesting to you, then this is for you. Click the 
link, apply, and can't wait to meet you. (CTA 2) 
How To Apply This Framework: 
Film in an educational setting. Think chalkboard, whiteboard, digital screen, or 
anything connected to learning. The "teacher " visual signals authority and works best for 
complex, novel, or higher ticket offers. 
Open with the one-liner. 'Tm looking for five (AVATAR) who are looking to 
(OUTCOME) but don't want to (BIGGEST PAIN POINT) so that I can (REASON 
WHY). Here 's my (PROOF). If interested, (KEEP WATCHING)." 
Copyrighc © 2025 by BUMBLE IP, LLC NOT FOR DISTRIBUTION 47 

---PAGE---

PART II: MY ADS BLAC KBO O K: BEST 20 AD FRAMEWO RKS O F ALI. TI ME 
Explain why you're only taking limited clients. It can be "co get great case studies" or 
"to prove my stuff works" or "because we're new to the area" or "because I'm starting out and 
will do everything I can to win" etc. No matter what you choose, make it believable. I prefer 
the truth (ha). 
Why your thing is better than what's out there. The difference should elevate your 
produ ct/ service. You'll underline this with proof. 
Split risk with the customer. Promi se to win with them and have some element of 
performance compensation; thi s decreases risk, show s intent to deliver, and attracts 
more people. 
Send them to your assistant. Ex: "Click the link, appl y, and my EA will call to confirm 
you fit the requirement s." Mentionin g my executive assistant further reinforced my authori ty 
and the authenticity of the ad. 
48 Copyright© 2025 by BUMB LE IP. LLC NOT FOR DISTRIBUTION 

---PAGE---

SECTION I I: MY BEST Al.AN AD FRAMEWORK S 
Ad Framework #2: New vs. Old 
Why This Ad Framework Rocks 
It's a classic ADucational framework. You see these a lot, but few do them well. Ir works 
especia lly well with more advanced/complex products or services. It also has the side benefit 
of turning you into a de facto authority in your space over a long enough time hori zon. So 
these ad types both build brand and drive sales. A great combo . 
Marketing and sales have the same objective, they simply operate in different media 
(one to one vs. one to many). The goal is to educate the prospect enough to make a decision. 
ADucat ional ads can do a lot of heavy lifting, especially if you have something brand new. 
If you're brand new these work great because you'll be judged based on the quality of the 
informat ion, not a pre-existing brand. And if you're established, it works even better . 
AGENCY OWNERS 
$1 ,500/mo to $15,000/ mo Clients 
How we SWITCHED 
P~-Cl..1'JEJ'..~« !..',(E 
$I t"<£J/"'v- >! i:-:- CCO/A\o 
- Lead gen agency owners 
for local businesses . 
ID SCAN ME 
Copyright© 2025 by BUMBLE I P, LLC NOT FOR DI STRIBUT ION 49 

---PAGE---

PART II : MY ADS BLACKBOOK: BEST 20 AD FRAMEWORK S OF ALL T IME 
Visual Hook: 
• Man in front of whiteboard = edu cation al = value 
• 1hink of this as "aducational" 
• An educational setting works better with more comp lex produ cts 
Ad Copy: 
Hook 
Lead gen agency owner s for local businesses. (CALL OUT) What I wanna show you in 
the next coup le seconds is how we went from retain er clients at $1,500 a month in the 
gym niche to performance clients at $15,000 a month in the same niche, meaning we took 
$1,500 a month clients and turned them into $15,000 a month by going from retainer to 
performance . (HOOK) 
Meat/Offer 
And here's how it works. See, the reason that most people don't, can't charge a lot for a 
retainer model is that you have what you're charging, which is your price, right? (OLD 
WAY) And then you have what they get, which is their value. Simply put, that makes sense. 
As long as there's a gap between these two thing s, everyone is happy because they're getting 
more than what they're payin g for. (OLD WAY) 
The problem is, is that the amount of value that you provide changes over time and the 
moment that it dips below what you're charging, this is the moment that they cancel. Right ? 
(PAIN/PROBLEM) But if you were to reverse this equation and actually make it so that every 
single time you charge them for something, this value always existed. (OPPORTUNITY) 
Then you'd, in theor y, be able to charge them as much as possible. Right, right. (DREAM 
OUTCOME ) And so that 's pretty much what we did. (PROOF) And so we, instead of 
saying, Hey, pay us X per month , and you get what you get, you get however many leads you 
get, or you get how many people in the door get how many sales. What we did is inste ad of 
charging for service, we instead started charging for shows. (OPPORTUNITY) 
50 Copyright © 2025 by BUMBLE IP, LLC NOT FOR DISTRIBUTION 

---PAGE---

SECTION II: MY BEST ALAN AD FRAMEWORKS 
And for a brick and mortar business, that is the thing that they want. They want bodies in 
the door and they know what a body in the door is worth to them, right? (SPECIFIC) And 
so what we did was we said, okay, we're gonna ascribe a value to this number . And so the 
question is, let's say it's a hundred dollars per person who walks in the door per person, that 's 
a person. (EXAMPLE/HYPOTHETICAL PROOF) 
Just go with me. It's a hundred dollars per person who walks in the door. How many would 
you like? And then all of a sudden you no longer have a cap on the earnings (DREAM 
OUTCOME) that you can have per customer, but instead, the customer becomes greedy 
and wants to get as many as humanly possible. Think about thi s. When you have you r 
retainer model, which is a recurring model, imagine going to a customer at day 30 and 
saying, Hey, I'd like you to pay us twice as much . 
Probabl y wouldn't go too well, (SPECIFIC PAIN) but what if you said, Hey, it's day 
30, you're within your KPis. So let's just double your ad spend. They're gonna say, sure. 
(OPPORTUNITY) But what ends up happening is that you just doubled the amount of 
people that are gonna show up at their facility and therefore how much you can charge. 
(DREAM OUTCOME) 
And so thi s is just one of the ways that when we switched from a retainer to a performance 
model, oops. Made a lot of videos today (THROWAWAY JOKES ). Um, then we switched 
from retai ner, true performan ce model. We were able to make a whole bunch more, whatever . 
It's somewhere. 
CTA 
But the point is, is that if you wanna see exactly how this model works, go ahead, click and 
then apply. (CTA 1) 
And I'll show you exactly how we made this transition and how hundred s of other agencies 
are doing it right now, and seeing massive amounts of profit, lower churn, higher amount s 
per custom er, and ultimatel y making themselves a much stronger and more competitive 
busines s. So if you're gonna do that, go click, uh, apply, and then we'll see you on the other 
side. (CTA 2) 
How To Apply This Framework 
Film in an educational setting and call out your exact avatar in < five seconds. 
Ex: "Local lead-gen agency owners doin g about $15k a month-listen up." Why: the 
whiteboard signals teaching;, the label filters for only qualified prospects. 
Copyright © 2025 by BUMBL E IP, LLC NOT FOR DISTRIBUT ION 51 

---PAGE---

PART II: MY ADS BLACKBOOK: BEST 20 AD FRAMEWORKS OF ALL T IME 
Make a big claim with details. "We turn ed $ 1,500/month clients into $ I 5,000/month 
clients-sa me niche , same leads." Big increase + same context = curiosity. 
Attribute all the pain in their life to their outdated model. Be as specific as possible 
with the problems they're likely dealing with and attrib ute all relevant woes to their outdated 
model. If the person relates to the old way, and the problems you describe, they'll be hooked 
to hear how you solved them. 
Reveal the new way and anchor it to a simple metric. Erase the old graph, draw a lin e, 
or turn the page etc. Then rewrite "$ 100 per show" (or your new unit). Explain your model/ 
way/met hod is superior based on this simp lified metric. 
Drive it home with a case study or hypothetical. Ex: "On day 30 you don't ask for 
doubl e the retainer -you just double ad spend. Clients say yes because ROI is already 
proven." The math makes the promi se believable and serves as a proxy for proof. 
Reinforce authority with a single proof line. Ex: "We've generated $98.5 million in 
one niche using this switch." One number is enough. Just make it compelling . 
Make a risk-reversed offer if possible. Ex: "If you don't make money, I don't get paid. " 
Finish with a CTA that previews the process . Ex: "Click 'Apply,' my EA will confirm 
you qualify, then we'll map your numbers on a 15-minut e call." This keeps you elevate d 
and maintain s the frame that this is by application only and that you actually only want 
qualified leads. 
Close with your hook. You can start with somet hing like this: 'Tm looking for five 
[AVATAR] doing roughly [CURRENT METRI C] who want [lOx OUTCOME] by 
swapping their [OLD MODEL] for a [NEW MECHANISM]. We've already produ ced 
[SINGLE PROOF STAT], and if you don't profit, I don't get paid [RISK REVERSAL]. 
Click to apply-my team will verify fit and show the math. [QUALIFIED CTA)" 
52 Copyright © 2025 by BUMBLE IP, L.LC NOT FOR DISTRIBUTION 

---PAGE---

SECTIO N II: MY BEST ALAN AD FRAMEWORKS 
Ad Framework #3: Why You Will Never 
Why This Ad Framework Rocks 
This ad framework capitalizes on understanding your prospects ' problem-and the 
solution-better than they do. This leans on expertise . Interestingly, this ad is very similar 
to the "Personal Testimonia l" ad (the first framework from Section I). But, instead of open­
looping how I achieved the outcome despite terrible circumstances ... it outlines the terrible 
circumstances and explains that they're the reason they haven't achieved their outcome. So it 
flips it on its head. 
Each added detail keeps "building pressure" with each additional shared statistic/ 
problem that they probably suffer from. By the end of the ad, the person thinks ''man this 
guy just named a bunch of stats about my business - and - I'm not at a million dollars a year, he 
might be able to help me fix it. " 
You demonstrate your expert ise by how specific or relevant you can describe the problem. 
A prob lem so specific that someone hears it and says "he must be an insider to know this" or 
"he must really understand this space" or "I feel like he's describing my life right now ': That 's 
what makes an ad like this effective. This is a personal favorite of mine because of how 
flexible it is. But remember. .. BE SPECIFIC. 
This pain/prob lem-ba sed angle is super repeatable in any niche. List all the problems out 
as specifically as you possibly can. Continue to build pressure, then resolve the pressure with 
aCTA. 
Copyrigh1 © 2025 by BUMBLE IP, LLC NOT FOR DISTRIBUT ION 53 

---PAGE---

PART II: MY ADS BLAC KBOOK : BEST 20 AD FRAMEWOR K S OF A LL TIME 
The 4 WARNING SIGNS 
Your Agency Will NEVER Pass $1 M/Yr 
4 WAl:'.Nl"J(. ~~11 ¼,., /J,.rn, 
1
ILL Nr:,•• ~ • 1 H Yf. 
q,- v/(\,• 
lJ ' ''..7- ' ,., 
C!) r-"~~ t '> 1:, -. 
- Agency owners. 
ID SCAN ME 
Visual Hook: 
• Man in front of whiteboard = educatio nal = value 
• Think of this as "aducatio nal" 
• An educationa l setting works better with more complex products 
Ad Copy: 
Hook 
Agency owners (CALL OUT), I wanna show you the four warning signs your agency will 
never pass a million dollars per year. (H OOK) 
54 Copyrighr © 2025 by BUMBL E IP, LLC NOT FOR DISTRIBUTION 

---PAGE---

SECTIO N II: MY BEST ALAN AD FRAMEWORKS 
Meat/Offer 
And the reason I know this is 'cause we've taken 68 companies over the last four years, over a 
million dollars, and on our own company, we've done over a hundred million dollars in sales 
in a single niche. (PROOF) 
And these patterns repeat themselves over and over and over again. The first is if your lifetime 
value per customer is less than $10,000, it'll be very difficult for you to pass a million dollar 
per year run rate in your agency (SPECIFIC PAIN/PROBLEM). The second is if your 
average revenue per client is less than $2,500 per month . ( SPECIFIC PAIN /PROBLEM ) 
And what I mean by that is if, if you take all of your clients and you take all your revenue 
and you divide it out, if your average revenue per client is less than $2,500 per month , it's 
very difficult to have enough profit to continue to scale. The third is if your gross margin is 
less than 80%. (SPECIFIC PAIN/PROBLEM) Alright, so if you charge a thous and dollars 
per month, uh, to a client and your cost is $500 a month between your creative person, the 
account manager, traffic person, et cetera, then your margins are gonna be below 80% and 
it's gonna be difficult for you to scale. 
And then finally, if your payback period is over 30 days, meaning it takes you more than 
30 days with a customer to recover the cost that it costs you to acquire them . (SPECIFIC 
PAIN/PROBLEM) So that would be the commission, the ad spend, and any other cost 
associated with getting a customer. If it takes you more than 30 days to make that amo unt 
of profit off the customer , you'll be very cash constra ined. (SPECIFIC PAIN /PROBLEM ). 
You won't have enough cash flow to continue to reinvest in ads and continue to market 
profitably. (SPECIFIC PAIN). Alright? Now, you may be suffering from one or even all four 
of these thing s, but the good news is there is a model that reverses it and it's not a retainer 
model. It's called the reverse royalty model. ( 0 PPO RTU NIT Y) 
And I have a seven minute video that breaks down how it, it capitalizes on all four of these 
things. Flips 'em to your favor unless you get way more customers. And at the end of the day, 
take hom e a lot more than that. (LEAD MAGNET /VSL) 
CTA 
Alright , so if you're interested in that , click uh, opt in, watch the video (CTA I). And if it 
sounds intere sting to you, you can apply and schedule a 15-minute call with my team and 
we'll see if thi s model works in your niche. (CTA 2) 
Uh, look forward to meeting you and hope you found this valuable. 
Copyright© 2025 by BUMBLE IP, LLC NOT FOR DISTRIBUTION 55 

---PAGE---

PART 11: MY AD S BLAC KBOO K: BEST 20 AD FRAME WORK S OF ALL T I M E 
How To Apply This Framework 
Begin by standing in front of a whiteboard and addressing your exact avatar in the 
first sentence. Ex: "Agency owners, let me show you the four warning signs you'll never 
cross $1 million a year." The setting projects authority, and the hyper-specific call-out filters 
for qualified prospects. 
Establish authority. Ex: "We've taken 68 companies past $1 million and generated 
$100 million ourselves ." A single , giant credentia l convinces the audience to keep listening. 
Rapid -fire through prospect-specific pains . Ex: LTV under $10k, ARPC under $2.5k, 
gross margin below 80% , payback over 30 days. Each number makes owners think, "1his 
is me': 
Introduce your new solution. Ex: "the reverse-royalt y model." Name it something 
non-obvious. Explain what it is in one sentence and how it inverts all their prob lems. I had 
to come up with "reverse royalty" becau se "Pay Per Show" was too obviou s and killed the 
curiosity. 
CTA to your lead magnet or Video Sales Letter. If you need the prospect to consume 
more information to buy, tell them how. Ex: "Click to opt in, watch a seven-minute demo, 
then book a 15-minute qualification call." 
56 Copyright © 2025 by BUMB LE II~ LLC NOT FOR DISTRI BUTION 

---PAGE---

SECTJO N 11 : MY BEST ALAN AD FRAMEWO RKS 
Ad Framework #4: The "North Star" 
Why This Ad Framework Rocks 
In this framework, I create a "north star" metric. Then I predict their pain point based 
on this metric (it can be anything as long as it's predictiv e). For example, if you know a 
man's neck and wrist thickness you can predict their body fat. You need to pick a metric that 
does the same for your prospect. 
Then , list a series of pain point s that resonate with them . Attribute all chis pain to their 
old way of doing things which causes the north scar metric to lag. It explains how all these 
dream outcome s aren't achievable for them right now. It lists what they want and explains 
why it's out of reach. Then I posit that my model can help them and invite them to find out 
more. 
I want to zero in on something that 's always seemed to differentiate my copy from that 
of other people-specificity. Instead of explain ing, let me show you .. . 
For example, I could tell you probably a million very specific prob lems for gyms. 
• Member s saying the music is too loud while five minutes earlier a member 
comp lained it was too quiet. 
• A member comp laining that we needed more variety of music right after ano ther 
asked me to play the same playlist as last week because they liked it. 
• One member requesting clean music with no curse words while anoth er asked 
for the real music since the gym is for adu lts. 
• My mic batt ery dying and having to shou t over the music until my voice gave 
out . 
• Realizing that my members cared more about my playlists than they did about 
my workouts . 
• Getting a cease and desist for playing my personal playlist over the speakers 
because I hadn't licensed the music in a commercia l setting. 
• iPhon es ringing or alarms going off because a trainer plugged their phone in to 
play music . 
• Commercia ls in the middle of a song while my gym is going on because a trainer 
put their phone on and hadn't paid for premium. 
Copyright© 2025 by BUMBLE IP, LLC NOT FOR DISTRJBUTION 57 

---PAGE---

PART II: MY ADS BLACKBOOK: BEST 20 AD FRAM EW O RKS OF ALL TIM E 
And all these examples are just about the music in a gym that yo u might not have 
thought about-but if you were a gym owner, you would've. Be specific . 
AGENCY OWNERS 
Learn Why You Haven't Passed $1 M/Yr 
- Agencies, if you are struggling 
ij) SCAN ME 
Visual Hook: 
• Anot her ADucational video 
• If somethi ng works, keep doing it-+that might be a better meta-lesson than any of 
the ad hooks. 
58 Copyright © 2025 by BUMB LE IP, LLC NOT FOR DISTRIBUTION 

---PAGE---

SECT ION II: MY BEST ALAN AD FRAMEWORK S 
Ad Copy: 
Hook 
Agencies. (CALLOUT) If you are struggling to break through a plateau and you're struggling 
to grow your agency, it's probably not because you don't know how to get customers. It's 
'cause you probably don't make enough per customer. (HOOK) 
Meat/Offer 
And now after taking 68 different businesses over a million dollar run rate and taking our 
own business over a hundred million dollars in revenue (PROOF), I can tell you that these 
patterns repeat themselves over and over and over again. 
And so if right now your agency makes less than $5,000 per customer, in terms of total 
lifetime value (SPECIFIC PROBLEM). You'll never be able to crack a hundred to $300,000 
per year in run rate. You're just never gonna crack it. There's just not enough profit because it 
costs X amount to get a customer (SPECIFIC PROBLEM). Alright? Now, as you get better 
and you get closer to that $10,000 per customer in lifetime value, how much you make over 
the lifespan , then you'll be able to get, you'll be able to crack that million dollars (DREAM 
OUTCOME). 
And if you're really lucky and you're in a really cheap space, you might be able to squeeze 
your way to $3 million a year (DREAM OUTCOME), but you can't do it until you crack 
over $10,000 . Once you hit 15, then you kind of open up the $3 million plus range you get 
from three . And then in really lucky scenarios, like I said, you can get to $10 million a year. 
(DREAM OUTCOME ) 
Alright , but that 's where you have a $15 ,000 LTV or higher. Alright? And then finally, if you 
wanna crack that million dollars a month, you wanna get to a million and a half, two million , 
two and a half million dollar s per month plus (DREAM OUTCOME). And I've done this 
two time s in my career (PROOF), then you have to have an LTV that 's over $20,000. 
And the nice thing is that this single numbe r, your LTV is one of the biggest predictors of how. 
Uh, your agency will plateau on how big it will grow. Now, uh, your current model may be a 
retainer model , and if you're str uggling, you're under 10,000 , you're at 8,000 , 7,000, 6,000 , 
et cetera (SPEC IFIC PROBLEM ). Then I wanna give you a different model that can blow 
these numbers outta the water, and it's called a reverse royalty model (OPPORTUNITY). 
Copyrighc © 2025 by BUMBLE JP, LLC NOT FOR DJST RJBUTJON 59 

---PAGE---

PART II: MY ADS BLAC KBOOK: BEST 20 AD FRAMEWORKS OF AL L TIM E 
CTA 
If that sound s interesting to you, you can opt in and download , and there's a seven-minute 
video that I explain the model in more details and more number s than I can in thi s short ad. 
Um , and if that sounds interesting, you can click and apply for a 15-minute call and we'll 
see if this model would work in your niche. 
Hope you found this video valuable, and uh, hope to see you soon. 
How To Apply This Framework 
Start with a direct callout plus a nightmare scenario. Ex: "Agencies, if you're stuck on 
a revenue plat eau it's probably because you don't make eno ugh per customer." Address the 
avatar and their biggest pain in one breath. 
Establish authority. One sentence-"We've taken 68 agencies past $ 1 million and our 
own firm has don e $ 100 million in a single niche"-is plenty to establish authority before 
attention fades. 
List a hierarchy of outcomes based on the metric. Ex: "und er $5k and you' ll never 
crack $300k a year; $ 1 Ok open s $ 1 million ; $15k unlocks $3 million; $20k+ makes $1 
million -a-month realistic." The prospect can identify themselves in the hierarchy. 
List specific pains they experience at each level. The narrower your focus, the more 
examples there are. Think math. Think moment s. 
Introduce how your new method solves the north star metric. Keep the explanat ion 
to one clear sente nce: billing per result mean s value always exceeds price, so profit scales 
without hitting the old plateaus. 
CTA to the next step. Ex: "Op t in to watch a seven-minut e video that runs the numb ers, 
then apply for a 15-m inut e call so we can test the model in your niche." Detailing the 
micro-journ ey removes friction and positions the call as the obvious release valve for all the 
tension you just created. 
60 Copyright © 2025 by BUMBLE IP, LLC NOT FOR DISTRIBUTION 

---PAGE---

SECTION II : MY BEST Al.AN AD FRAM EWO RKS 
Ad Framework #5: No BS Selfie 
Why This Ad Framework Rocks 
This ad framework is very short. First, you can bang a ton of these out with little 
effort. Next, you can do them on your own in a bunch of different settings. Beyond that, 
constraining your time forces you to limit your words to the only things that matter. These 
ads rely on having additional information in the funnel and conversion process. Think of 
this as an ad for your lead magnet more than an ad to sell. It sells the next step. Nothing 
more. These can work well at the top of the funnel. 
Beyond that, I think the camera movement , the hous e in the background , nice car, and 
casual selfie-style did a lot of the heavy lifting . .. and one of the lines of copy. I'll let you guess 
which . 
ID SCAN ME 
Copyright © 2025 by BUMBLE IP, LLC NOT FOR DIST RIBUTION 61 

---PAGE---

PART II: MY ADS BLACKBOOK: BEST 20 AD FRAMEWORKS OF ALL TIME 
Visual Hook: Selfie Style 
• Big house in background 
• Selfie style 
• Low-fi 
• Walking with movement 
Ad Copy: 
Hook 
Agency owners, if you can't crack $10,000 in lifetime value per customer, you're never gonna 
hit the million dollar run rate you want. (HOOK) 
Meat/Offer 
And I can show you exactly how to do it using a reverse royalty model. (MECHANISM) 
And we've had $6 million-plus agencies for kids in their twenties. (PROOF) 
CTA 
If you wanna see how it works, swipe up. See you there. (CTA) 
How To Apply This Framework: 
Let the setting do the selling. Open the clip while in motion. Walk and talk with 
something that establishes you as credible related to the thing you talk about. In this one, 
I have a fancy car and house behind me. Which-in relation to helping businesses grow­
made sense. (Personally - I only did this for a brief stint in my career and I realized I didn't 
want that kind of brand - so I stopped. But it is effective). 
Start with an if-then pain statement. Ex: ''Agency owners, if you r LTV hasn't broken 
$1 Ok you'll never hit a $1 million run rate ." The specificity pulls in the right prospects. 
Introduce your solution in one sentence. Ex: "I can show you how to do it with a 
reverse-royalty model. " Name the solution w ithout explaining it. (We'll let the lead magnet 
do that). 
62 Copyright© 2025 by BUMBLE IP, LLC NOT FOR DISTRIBUTION 

---PAGE---

SECT ION II : MY BEST ALAN AD FRAMEWORKS 
Show proof that someone worse than them got results better than them. Ex: "We've 
helped kids in their twenties build $6 million-plus agencies." Age juxtaposition implies that 
bigger, older agencies can do even better. This was the line that did the heavy lifting in case 
you were curious. I learned this selling weight loss. I used to say our meal plan was "so 
easy to use kids and people who couldn't speak English followed it"-before asking if the 
prospect could. With that preframe , how could they say no (ha). It makes the prospect think 
''ff they could do it, so can I. " 
Copyrig ht © 2025 by BUMBLE IP, l.LC NOT FO R DISTRJBUT ION 63 

---PAGE---

64 Copyright © 2025 by BUMB LE I P. LLC NOT FOR D ISTRI BUTION 

---PAGE---

Section III: My Best Skool Ad Frameworks 
Inside this section I'll give you my five best Skool ad frameworks . These generated the 
top .1 % of ads. I know this because I published over 3,000 over a 10-month sprint . These 
five grew the company by many tens of millions in annua l recurring revenue. I break them 
down in the following order: 
1) Trending Format 
2) Value Anchor 
3) Bribe 
4) Underdog 
5) Challenge With Prize 
Let's start with the first. .. 
Copyright© 2025 by BUM BLE IP, LLC NOT FOR DISTRIBUTION 65 

---PAGE---

66 Copyrigh1 C> 2025 by BUMBLE IP, LLC NOT FOR DISTRlBUTION 

---PAGE---

SECT IO N Ill: MY BEST SKOOL AO FRAM EWORK S 
Ad Framework #1: Trending Format 
Why This Ad Framework Rocks 
This ad framework cruuuushes. 
Trend ads capitalize on current popular video formats. The example I show emerged 
when podcast clips were my entire feed. I had the biggest "duh" moment in life when I 
realized-these are popular for a reason, I may as well make my own and use it to sell stuff 
To be clear-the lesson to take from this ad isn't that it was a podcast, it's that it was a 
popular video format at the time. This is something I didn't understand when I was a "pure 
ads guy". Making organic content has changed the way I see ads-and made me much 
better at them. 
Organic is always ahead of paid ads because of the volume and speed of testing for 
creators. If you want to see where ads will be in six to 12 months, just look at where organic 
is today. This is a huge point that will be missed by most. 
You can model this ad directly or indirectly. If you want to model the ad directly, you 
can take the podcast style ad. This may work for a short period while short podcast clips are 
still "in". Just truthfully explain why you think your thing is awesome by hitting the main 
value equation pillars. Then cut to a CTA. Bingo bango. 
If you want to model the larger concept, look at organic content to inform your ad 
hooks and content. Take the best organic hooks and use them in your own ads. Even better, 
if you make organic content, take your highest performing organic content and simply bolt 
on a CTA on the end. This ad style can be modeled across any niche selling any product or 
service. I use it all the time. It's one of my most frequently used ad styles. 
Copyright © 2025 by BUMBLE 11', LLC NOT FOR DISTRIBUTION 67 

---PAGE---

PART I I : MY ADS BLACK BOO K: BEST 20 AD FRA MEWO RKS OF AL L T IME 
ID SCAN ME 
Visual Hook: 
• "Podcast style" 
• Looks like an organic clip 
Ad Copy: 
Hook 
So we laun ched the Skoa l Games a little over two weeks ago, and I was surprised at how 
much people were making so quickly, (HOOK ) 
Meat/Offer 
like the top 10 people in the games, you know, they're making 10, 20, 30, 40 plus thousand 
dollars a month, and that's new revenue. Like they started at zero on the first of the month . 
(GOOD STU FF - SPEED) 
68 Copyrighc © 2025 by BUM BLE II', LLC NOT FOR DISTRIBUTION 

---PAGE---

SECTI O N Ill: MY BEST SKOO L AD FRAM EWORKS 
And that got me really excited because we believe that we gave all this training and made 
the platform super easy and simple that we'd be able to get a lot of people over the hump. I 
just didn't understand how many people we were gonna be able to help do it (PERCEIVED 
LIKELIHOOD). And so now we have hundreds of people who are making their first dollar 
online (PERCEIVED LIKELIHOOD), which is the whole point of all the stuff that I 
do now. 
I'm even more convicted in promoting the Skool Games , letting people know that I think 
it's the easiest way for them to get started online (EASE). And if you've ever been on the 
fence or been like, man, I don't know how to do this, or I'm not an expert or I don't have an 
audience inside the community (BAD STUFF). There's right now eight different kinds of 
models that people are doing all that don't require you to have an audience or be an expert . 
(EASE+ PERCEIVED LIKELIHOOD) 
CTA 
And so if you've been on the fence and you haven't been sure what to do, but you do know 
that you want to start making money on the internet, you wanna start your first business 
online, um, I think this is the best way to do it. 
CLICK THE LINK TO 
START FREE 
How To Apply This Framework: 
Record a solo podcast clip that looks 100% organic. Sit in front of a mic, wear 
AirPods, keep jump-cuts and captions exactly the way popular reels do. Viewers should 
think they 're watching a snippet from your show, not an ad. Alternatively: You can do an 
actual podcast where the host feeds you questions you asked them to ask you. And you can 
answer with your ad copy. Either work. 
Lead with a recent surprising discovery. Ex: Open with "We launched just two weeks 
ago and I'm shocked at how fast people are cashing in," so the recency and your genuine 
disbelief hook attention. 
Copyright © 2025 by BUMB LE IP, LLC NOT FOR DISTR IBUTION 69 

---PAGE---

PART II: MY AD S BLACK BOO K: BEST 20 AD FRAM EWORKS OF ALL TIM E 
Stack speed and scaled proof in one line. Ex: "Top 10 are already pulling $1 Ok, $20k, 
even $40k a month after starting at zero on the 1st." Big numbers plus a 30-day window 
make the result feel both huge and fast. Note: this ad was targeted at prosumers . If you 
want to capture a different segment you'd say different stuff more aligned with their desires 
and expectations . 
Hammer perceived likelihood and ease by removing every classic objection using 
proof. Ex: I explain that hundreds have made their first dollar online and that eight different 
no-audience models exist. This crushed the "I don't have an audience objection" and the 
"but what if I don't succeed " fear. It also balances the "non-typical" outcomes with the 
"everyday" outcomes. Important: I always try to include both big and average outcomes in 
my ads. Because people want to know the big thing is possible, but most importantl y, want 
to understand what 's likely. 
70 Copyrighc © 2025 by BUMBLE IP, LLC NOT FOR DISTRIBUTION 

---PAGE---

SECTION Ill : MY BEST SKOOL AD FRAMEWORKS 
Ad Framework #2: Value Anchor 
Why This Ad Framework Rocks 
I discovered this ad framework during the first batch of ads I recorded to kick off the 
Skool Games. And this framework became a clear winner for a while. You may have even 
seen it. This fueled the first ever Skool Games. 
Things to pay attention to. This is an offer-centric ad. It has two "stacks" that anchor 
high then "price drop". First, the hook does this to anchor what someone would be willing 
to pay to get their dream business. Most people would pay $1, 000-but if you could do it for 
free-even better. 
The second "stack" and price drop happen once we explain how we help them. Most 
people charge $10, 000+ for stuff like this, but instead .. . we'll do it free. 
Then , we add a variable reward in making this "better than free" because not only does 
it cost them nothing, they could get something too. 
A strong visual and verbal hook + two back to back stacks + strong bonus incentive 
create a very compelling ad. This structure could be copied in any niche. It might sound like 
this ... 
How much would you pay for DREAM OUTCOME? $XX)(, $XX, $X? ➔Explain 
offer➔Anchor value of offer at marketplace rate. ➔ Give it free/or less than anchor➔Add in a last­
minute incentive that makes it even better than free. ➔ CTA. 
Copyrigh t © 2025 by BUMBLE IP, LLC NOT FOR DISTRJBUTION 71 

---PAGE---

PART II: M Y ADS BLACKBOOK : BEST 20 AD FRAMEWO RKS OF ALL TIME 
ID SCAN ME 
Visual Hook: 
• Cash fanne d out 
• lhree -second keyframe in creates immediate motion 
• Big red backgroun d color 
• Text fills the screen re pea ting the hook 
Ad Copy: 
Hook 
Would you pay a thousand dollars co gee the business of your dream in 30 days? 
Meat/Offer 
Well, how about a hundred dollar s to get the business of your dream in 30 days? Well, how 
about free? 
72 Copyright O 2025 by BUMBL E IP, LLC NOT FOR DISTRIBUTION 

---PAGE---

SECTIO Ill: MY BEST SKOOL AD FRAM EWO RKS 
If that sound s at all interesting. We just launch ed the Skool Games to help you build and 
moneti ze a commun ity on one platform in 30 days. (BENEFIT) 
And thi s train ing is the type of stuff that people charge a thousand, $5,000 for, $10,000 
(ANCHOR ) for, and it's yours. Absolutely free. And to give you one more added incentive , 
the top 10 Skools that get built in the 30 days, we're gonna fly out to Vegas to spend a full 
day with me to help you scale your business from where it is to wherever you want to go. 
(MORE GOOD STUFF) 
CTA: 
Click the link to join for free, and I'll see you on the other side. (CTA) 
How To Apply This Framework 
Open with a scroll-stopping money/prop visual. Film a three- second keyframe of 
cash fanned out against a high-contrast backdrop (red works everywhere). Pro Tip: Overlay 
oversized text that repeats your first question so even muted viewers grasp the hook before 
they can swipe or scroll away. 
Make the outcome valuable before you give it away. Free still has costs, this means 
that you still have to make free valuable. So you anchor the value by asking a series of 
descendin g questions that compa re the outcome to some value (mo ney) or another valuable 
thing -"Wou ld you pay $1,000? $100? W hat if it were free?"- to set an initial value in the 
viewer's mind and make "free" feel like an unexpected windfall instead of a marketing cliche. 
Altern atively: Ask how much it would be wort h to make something bad go away. Ex: "How 
much would you pay to make your back pain go away?" 
Put the dream outcom e on a fast timeline. Follow the anchor and price drop with a 
one-sentence promi se: "Our [product/serv ice] helps you achieve [x] in [duratio n]." 
Make your product/lead magnet valuable before giving it away. Call out real 
competitor pricing (Ex: "Most courses cost $1 k- $ 1 Ok") to prove your free offer doesn't suck. 
If it's tru e, it's compelling. 
Make it better than free with a variable incentive. Offer an extra incentive (trip , 
coaching day, premium tool, etc.) for the top performer s/random selection/or everyone. 
Point: Turnin g zero cost into potent ial gain (at no cost). 
Copyright © 2025 by BUMBLE IP. LLC NOT FOR DISTRIBUTION 73 

---PAGE---

' 
f 
74 Copyright Q 2025 by BUMBLE IP, LLC NOT FOR DIST RIBUTION 

---PAGE---

SECT IO N III : MY BEST SKOOL AD FRAMEWOR KS 
Ad Framework #3: Bribe 
Why This Ad Framework Rocks 
This framework is a monster-folly machined. It came from my first Skool Games shoot: 
one brutal day cranking out ,..,250 ads. Different hooks. Meat. CTAs. Background colors. 
Shirts . Pure Mozi volum e-and-testing violence. People romantici ze random hits, but volume 
negate s luck. The real winners are built by deliberate work. This ad is no exception. There's 
zero magi c here. 
It's a killer offer-driven ad up front driving to a page that did the heavy lifting. To be 
clear-some selling always has to happ en. But, you can pack it into the ad or shift it to the 
page. We found shorter , proof-he avy creatives worked best for us. We just needed enough to 
earn the click, then let the page and video sales letter close. 
I've reused this meat hundr eds of times because it convert s. Once this winner emerged 
from the 250+ day, I prob ably cut another 200+ variations of this winner alone. 
Also note , the hook reappears later in the Blackbook in a totally different niche. I recycle 
hooks and formats across industri es. You should too. Only amateur s reinvent the wheel. 
Pro s use proven playbooks and checklists and make up for the rest with volume. As usual. 
Big visuals. Big offer. Small words. Sho rt sentences. This is the way. 
8 SCAN ME 
Copyright© 2025 by BUMBLE IP. LLC NOT FOR DISTRIBUTION 75 

---PAGE---

PART II : MY ADS BLACKBOOK: BEST 20 AD FRAMEWORKS OF ALL TIME 
Visual Hook: 
• Cash behind the back reveal 
• Three-second keyframe in creates immediate motion 
• Big background color 
• Text fills the screen repeating the hook 
Ad Copy: 
Hook 
Real quick, can I get your email address? Because I wanna send you a thousand dollars of free 
stuff straight to your inbox. 
Meat 
And the way I'm gonna do that is through the Skool Games. I will help you build a community 
and monetize that comm unity through Skool (DREAM OUTCOME). And this training is 
the type of scuff that people charge a thousand, $5,000 for, $10,000 for. (ANCHOR) 
And it's yours absolutely free. And the reason I'm doing all this is because I just became the 
co-owner of Skool. (REASON WHY) 
CTA 
And to commemorate that, I wanted to make the most insane offer ever. If interested, click 
the link and I'll see you on the other side. 
How To Apply This Framework 
Ask them for contact information with a pattern-interrupt question. Open with 
a hidd en prop behind your back, and lead with "Real quick-can I get your [info]?" The 
swing-into -frame reveal plus direct ask buys you time and immediately signals that handing 
over contact info triggers something valuable. 
76 Copyrighc © 2025 by BUMBLE IP. LLC NOT FOR DISTRIBUTION 

---PAGE---

SECT ION III: MY BEST SKOO L AD FRAMEWO RKS 
Tell them what they'll get in exchange. Promise valuable free stuff. Ex: "$1,000 of free 
stuff straight to your inbox. " Stating cash value (if realistic! ) turns a vague lead magnet into 
a tangible benefit. 
Explain why it's valuable by anchoring against real market pricing. Point out that 
comparable products/ services sell for more and escalate the number s. (Ex: $1k, $5k, $10k+). 
Now "free" feels more like generosity than gimmick. 
Clarify what it will help them do➔the dream outcome. In one line, tie the gift to a 
result that matters : "Build and monetize your own community in 30 days." Outcome focus 
prevent s the offer from sounding random. 
Add an additional incentive if desired. And give a reason why. Ex: "It's my birthday, 
so I'm giving an insane bonus to the first 100 clients. " A motive behind a bonus make s the 
bonus feel more authentic, and by extension increases urgency . 
Make your CTA the same as your hook. Remind them to get the free thing by taking 
action. This mirrors the hook and increases congruency in the ad. Said differently, if they 
stayed to watch becau se of the hook , they'll also take the next step becau se of it too. Ex: "If 
[HOOK], then [CTA]," mirroring the initi al info ask to take the next step. 
Copy right© 2025 by BUMBLE IP, LLC NOT FOR DISTRIBUTIO N 77 

---PAGE---

78 Copyrighr © 2025 by BUMBLE IP, LLC NOT FOR DISTRIBUTION 

---PAGE---

SECTION Ill : MY BEST SKOO L AD FRAMEW ORKS 
Ad Framework #4: Underdog 
Why This Ad Framework Rocks 
This style . .. also crushed. I repeated it multiple times only changing out the person I 
described. It outperformed every time. What's beautiful about it is it sets low expectations­
which is my preference. I also think it's more believable. People already know earning an 
income is cool. The issue is they don't believe they'll be able to do it. This style ad squashes that 
objection up front. 
So don't be afraid to talk about your lower tier outcomes-beat people to the punch. 
They're already doubtful. They already wonder, "yea but what about the average person, 
what about the below-average person"-so tell them. Then, contrast it by saying you don't 
want to talk about all these amazing outcomes. This gains you trust, while also talking about 
the higher range of outcomes to attract those higher achievers as well. 
End result: you attract all potential buyers , elegantly, without setting crazy high 
expectations. You just state the facts and tell the truth. 
@ srAN ME 
Co pyrigh, © 2025 by BUM BLE IP, LLC NOT FOR DISTR IBUTI ON 79 

---PAGE---

PART I I: MY ADS BLACKBOOK : BEST 20 AD FRAMEWORKS OF ALL T IME 
Visual Hook: 
• Big dollar number 
• Blank black background 
• Movement scroll + visual effect 
Ad Copy: 
Hook 
$4,664 per month in recurring revenue (HOOK ). Thar's what Kyle, the last person, the 
lowest person on the 20 leaderboard that we have for the Skool Games just halfway through 
has been able to build . (PROOF ) 
Meat 
I don't wanna talk about Evelyn, who's made $43,000 in recurring revenue already (PROO F), 
or Eddie, who's just about $30,000 a month in recurring revenue. (PROOF ) 
Like sure. Those are amazing outcomes. But what about like four or $5, 000 a month? 
(REALISTIC OUTCOME) And because I just became the largest investor in Skool 
(REASON WHY), we're commemorating it by having the biggest games ever. (OFFER/ 
CURIOSITY) 
CTA 
So if that sounds interesting, click the link to join. Your first 14 days are free. I'll see you on 
the other side. 
How To Apply This Framework 
Lead with a modest, believable number/ outcome that feels attainable. Focus 
attent ion on the number/ outcome by flashing it against a blank black screen and add subtle 
scroll or glitch motion before the audio begins. Lower, specific numbers /outcom es convert 
better because viewers think, "/ could do that. " 
80 Copyrighc © 2025 by BUMBLE IP. LLC NOT FOR DISTRIBUTION 

---PAGE---

SECTIO N II I: M Y BEST SKOOL AD FRAMEWO RK S 
Stack proof by naming progressively larger results, then pivot back to the smallest. 
Mention big achiever #1 and big achiever #2 and their outcomes , then circle back to the 
underdog outcome to show the floor, not just the ceiling. This contrast makes your offer 
credib le to beginners while still engaging top performers. 
Give them a good "reason why" this promotion is a big deal. One of my marketing 
rules: 7hey'll only think it's a big deal if you tell them it is. So tell them! Prospects will believe 
that you'd do something big and crazy if you have a big and crazy reason. Ex: I called 
it "the biggest games ever" so prospects felt they're about to miss something big, not a 
routin e promotion. Putting your money where your mouth is dissolves skept icism and 
adds credibilit y. 
Copy right© 2025 by BUMBLE IP, LLC NOT FOR D ISTRIBUT ION 81 

---PAGE---

82 Copyrighc © 2025 by BUMBLE JP. LLC NOT FOR DISTRIBUTION 

---PAGE---

SECTION Ill : MY BEST SKOOL AD FRAMEWORK S 
Ad Framework #5: Challenge With Prize 
Why This Ad Framework Rocks 
Six months of Skool Games later and we asked ourselves "what cou ld we do to kick 
things up a notch? " We paused in silence, then one of us eventua lly said "we could give 
a Cybertruck to the winner ". We both liked it. So, that's what we did. And-it worked 
like gangbusters. 
This ad framework was dynamite. So was the campaign. They brought in bucket s of 
users. The permutations of this hook + visuals combo dominated for the rest of the year. 
To state the obvious, you don't need to give away massive amounts of cash or a Cybertruck 
to make your marketing more compelling-but it helps. Ideally, you want something that 's 
huge for your audience. The broader the audience though, the more things like money, cars, 
and vacations work. But for a gym own er, re-outfitting their old gym with new equipment 
would be even more compe lling. So-stay creative. 
ID SCAN ME 
Copyright © 2025 by BUM BLE IP, LLC NOT FOR DI STRIBUTION 83 

---PAGE---

PART II: M Y ADS BLAC KBO O K: BEST 20 AD FRAMEWO RKS OF ALL T I ME 
Visual Hook: 
• Immediately shows Cybertruck 
• Scack of cash in hand 
• With pattern interrupt of metal ball being thrown against the truck glass within the 
first second 
• In front of known landmark (Acquisition.com Headquarters ) 
Ad Copy: 
Hook 
This is a Cybertruck. This is a hundred grand . And in the next 30 days I'm gonna be giving 
away one to one person who's watching this ad right now. (HOOK ) 
Meat/Offer 
And the way you win it is by building the largest community on Skool within the next 30 
days. (SPEED) 
Last month, I think the winner had 40 or $50,000 a month in monthl y recurring revenue. 
(DREAM OUTCOME+ PERCEIVED LIKELIHOOD) 
And so this is a hundred thousand dollars prize or more, depending on how much you like 
Cybertrucks (DREAM OUTCOME). And we make it pretty easy (EASE). So right now, 
one out of two people who start a paid community on Skool make their first dollar online 
(PERCEIVED LIKELIHOOD). Oftentimes it's much more, the average is 1,360 bucks per 
month in recurring revenue. (DREAM OUTCOME ) 
Which is kinda sweet. And the reason we have such a high success rate (PERCEIVED 
LIKELIHOOD) is because we give you the tools, as in I walk you through step by step 
exactly what you have to do (EASE). I also answer questions every single week. Hop on. So if 
you wanna hop on there live, I think we have about 200, 300 people hop on the call (EASE). 
So it's, it's not huge and we're pretty good at doing it and we've now done it with thou sands 
and thousands of people. (PERCEIVED LIKELIHOOD ) 
84 Copyright© 2025 by BUMBLE IP, LLC NOT FOR DISTRIBUTION 

---PAGE---

SECT IO N Ill : MY BEST SKOOL AD FRAM EWOR KS 
CTA 
And so if that sounds at all interesting, the best part is you can start absolutely free. So click 
the link , join the community, start your own community, have fun , make money. We'll see 
you on the other side. 
Two important visuals (see screenshots) 
Shows internal animation of the actual landing page itself to align expectations and reduce friction 
when they get to the opt-in page 
JOIN THE SKOOL GAMES 
fun way to build your own business with other people 
..... -, .. , ) 
The Skool Games 
skool.co111/games 
Build your business, win prizes, 
make friend s, have fun . Win 1-day 
with Alex Hormo zi. 
17.6k 669 8 
M embers Online Admins 
JOINGIIOUP 
~ 
powered by skool 
Copy right © 2025 by BUMBL E IP, LLC NOT FOR DISTRI BUTION 85 

---PAGE---

PART 11: M Y AD S BLACKBO O K: BEST 20 AD FRAM EWO RKS OF ALL T IM E 
How To Apply This Framework: 
Give away something insane. Find the stuff your audience likes. Find the most valuable 
version you can afford to give away. Then give it away to one or some of them. Ex: a year of 
your premium service, a $5,000 store credit, a designer toolkit, even a weekend retreat with 
you. Display it on-camera to prove that you have the thing to give away. 
Put it on a time constraint. Tie the giveaway to a clear, short window-"in the next 
30 days," "before quarter-end," "this month only". A deadline gets more people to do it if 
it's believable. 
Prove somebody else has gotten the thing you give away. Reference a recent contest 
winner who won the thing. Real-world peers prove the prize is winnable and the process 
is legitimate. 
Tell them exactly how to get it. Make succeeding their ticket of entry. The simp ler to 
track (for them and you) the better. Use a single metric that matches your business goal: 
most referrals, highest product review count, biggest single purchase, best before-and-after 
photo. Nore: One clear path beats a complicated points system. 
Show how you'll help them win. Ex: Promise tools, checklists, weekly tips, or live 
Q&A so participants know you'll guide them, not abandon them. If this takes tools or 
skills, provide them the best you can. Hand-holding overcomes the ''I'll get stuck" objection 
before it forms . 
Make not winning valuable too . Remind chem the worst- case scenario is walking away 
with all the free stuff (Ex: new skills, discounts, or small bonuses) even if they miss the grand 
priz e. This makes both outcome s a win, and the only bad outcome not doing it. Make sure 
they under stand the free thing they get has value on its own outside of the grand prize. 
Show proof your free thing works. Cite user counts, testimonial snippets, or quick 
screenshots of past wins. Pair visuals with each component to make them dramatically more 
compelling- they make a big difference. 
Show them what happens the moment they take the next step. Overlay a fast screen 
recording or screenshare mock-up of the signup flow so prospects see exactly where the click 
leads. Reducing uncertainty about the next seep removes the final barrier to conversion. 
86 Copyright © 2025 by BUMBLE IP, LLC NOT FOR DISTRIBUTION 

---PAGE---

Section N: My Best $1 OOM Leads 
Book Launch Ad Framewo rks 
These ad frameworks brought in over 500,000+ people to register for the event in less 
than a month . Thar's more than the city of Baltimore, where I'm from. In other words, these 
work. 
I break the ad frameworks down in the following order: 
1) Flying Prop 
2) Bribe 
3) Rumors Are True 
4) You're Being Lied To 
5) Data Stack 
Let's dive in. 
Copyrighr © 2025 by BUMBLE I P, LLC NOT FOR DISTRIBUTION 87 

---PAGE---

88 Copyugh1 Q 2025 by BUMBLE IP, LLC NOT FOR DISTRIBUTION 

---PAGE---

SECTI ON IV: MY BEST $J00M LEADS BOOK LAUNCH AD FRAMEWORKS 
Ad Framework #1: Flying Prop 
Why This Ad Framework Rocks 
We were in my old kitchen filming ads for the launch and the team had the idea to 
throw a banana at me. At first, they did it as a joke. Bur then, I took it seriously. And I'm 
glad we did because it became one of the top ad frameworks for the launch. 
Stuff that moves generally beats stuff that doesn't. And real stuff that moves often beats 
computer stuff that moves. So, these basically always work. I should probably use them 
more. You shou ld too. 
That being said, it's clear why they did so well. The entire ad is curiosity-driven. The entire 
ad is a daisy chain of open loops with only one action to close them-taking the next step. 
Daisy-chained open loops: The banana➔ The money spent on the event➔ My birthday➔ 
Giving a secret away. 
Everything has the objective to get people to want to come to see what's going to happen. 
This accomplishes both campaign objectives of getting someone to register and show. So--it 
accomplishes the mission. 
So if you wanna use these types of ads effectively, capitalize on curiosity. 
Copyrighc © 2025 by HUM BLE IP, LLC NOT FOR DISTRIBUTION 89 

---PAGE---

PART II: MY ADS BLACKBO O K: BEST 20 AD FRAMEWO RK S O F ALL T JM E 
m SCAN ME 
Visual Hook: 
• A flying banana 
• Movement + Prop 
Ad Copy: 
Hook 
You might be wondering why I just mushed the shit outta this banana in my hand. 
Meat/Offer 
And it's because the launch of my second book, $1 00M Leads, is both nutritious, natural, 
and uh, will make you lots of money unlike bananas (HUMOR). But the event itself, where 
I'll be launching it on Saturday, August 19th, will be bananas. 
90 Copy right© 2025 by BUM BLE IP, LLC NOT FOR DISTRIBUTION 

---PAGE---

SECTIO N IV: MY BEST $100M LEADS BOO K LAUNCH AD FRAMEWORKS 
I've spent over a million dollar s on the event itself (APPROXIMATION OF VALUE), and 
I'm going to be giving away a secret thing that I've been working on for over four years to 
everyone who's there with me live (CURIOSITY). And I would love to tell you what it is. It 
kills me inside that I cannot tell you. But I want the surprise itself to be worth it, and I think 
it will be. (CU RIOSITY) 
This is a date that you're not gonna wanna miss. It's a day after my birthda y and it's my way 
of giving back to you guys for being so awesome. (REASON WHY) 
CTA 
Click the link to register. I'll see you guys there. 
How To Apply This Framework: 
Catch a flying prop. Start the video by having the spokesperson catch something 
mid-air while looking at the camera. 
Make a quick joke and tie the prop to your offer. Drop a one- liner that links the prop 
to your product or service. 
Pile on tangible reasons to attend. Mention time invested, mon ey spent, relation ship 
capital used, etc., so viewers see how much you invested to make this great. Tie that 
investme nt to what they're gonna get. This approximates their value. In short, make it a big 
deal to you, so it's a big deal to them. Stakes are a big part of that. 
Hint at a big secret and leave the loop open. Tease an unrevealed bonu s available only 
to people who take the next step. Withholding details keeps tension high until they take 
action . After they take action, you can open more loops to move them through the process. 
Props. I'd suggest keeping a shed or a storage closet full of these things . You'd be surpri sed 
how often you use them once you start making ads and content regularly. I wish I had done 
this sooner. Anytime something catches your attention-if you can buy it, do so-because 
it'll probabl y catch someone else's. And when it does, it'll make you more money than it 
costs (by a lot). 
Copyright © 2025 by BUMBLE IP, LLC NOT FOR DISTRIBUTION 91 

---PAGE---

Co pyrighc ~ 2025 by BUMBLE IP, LLC NOT FOR DISTRIBUTION 
92 

---PAGE---

SECT ION IV: MY BEST $ 100M LEADS BOOK LAUNCH AD FRAMEWORKS 
Ad Framework #2: Bribe 
Why This Ad Framework Rocks 
This ad framework also crushed. Beyond it crushing though, I included this to show you 
something important. This hook is the same hook I used for a Skool ad. But wait-one is 
for an event that sells a book , but the other was to advertise a software platform for building 
a community?? Aren't those two completely differ ent products and businesses?? 
Yes. And that 's the point. 
These ad structures work agnostic of industry. So yes, please model them. Or - don't. But 
I certainly will (and will continue to as long as they work). 
Beyond that, you'll notice yet another common theme-curiosity and open loop s. Just 
tons of curiosity and stakes to drive the click. Then , you let the page do its job and convert 
the traffic. 
ID SCAN ME 
Copyright © 2025 by BUMBLE IP, LLC NOT FOR DISTRIBUTION 93 

---PAGE---

PART II : MY ADS BLAC KBO O K: BEST 20 AD FRAM EWO RKS OF AL L T IME 
Visual Hook: 
• Me pointing directly at the viewer asking permission to get their attention 
Ad Copy: 
Hook 
Real quick question, what's your email address? The reason I ask is because what I wanna do 
is send you a gazillion dollars of free stuff. . . 
Meat/Offer 
And what that really is, is the biggest entrepreneur event of the season (STAKES). I'm gonna 
be releasing my $ 100M Leads book, which is two years in the making (STAKES) live for 
everyone there with a secret project (STAKES) I've been working on for four years that I 
haven't said once publicl y. I've been saving it. I can't tell you what it is ... (STAKES) 
CTA 
What I can tell you is it's more than a gift card and less than a Tesla and every single person 
who shows up is gonna get one (CURIOSITY) , it's gonna be sick, can't wait to see you there, 
go register. See you there. (CTA) 
How To Apply This Framework: 
Tell them what you want. O pen with the patt ern-int errupt question, "Real qui ck­
what's your [info] ?" so viewers instantly know they're trading contact info for something. 
Tell them what they'll get in exchange . Promi se to send somethin g valuable. Ex: "a 
gazillion dollars of free stuff," positionin g the giveaway as outrageously valuable for anyone 
in your niche. 
Explain why it's valuable. Explain all costs you incurred to create the product, service, 
etc. (17 prototy pes, my enti re life savings, cost me my marriage, this obsession consumed my 
past six years, etc.). If you can't tell someo ne exactly what something is (to keep curiosity), 
then you talk more about your investment as a proxy for their pote ntial benefit. If you can 
talk about other parts directly, then do that. 
94 Co pyright © 2025 by BUMBLE IP. LLC NOT FOR DISTRIBUTION 

---PAGE---

SECTIO I V: MY BEST $JOOM LEADS BOOK LAUN CH AD FRAMEWO RKS 
Emphasize that the thing you promote is a big deal. This is where hype actual ly works. 
"Biggest event of the season" type stuff. If your investment support s that , then people will 
start calling it that. 
Make your free thing mysterious and valuable through comparisons. Instead of 
saying "if you do x, you'll get a free t-shirt " we'd say "if you do x, you'll get something more 
than a gift card but less than a Tesla". People will automatically abstract what they're going 
to gee cowards the bigger thing. Give a range of values between two known items: one low­
value and one high-value. Then say that someone, some group, or everyone will get this 
prize. This keeps things interesting. Being vague allows people 's imagin ations to fill in the 
perfect copy for each of them. And you're not gonna beat anyone's imaginat ion . So- refuse 
to share details. Leave an open loop chat only people who take the desired action can close. 
BONUS: I practice what I preach. Below you can find photo ads we made of chis 
winn ing video ad. And surprise-these were big winners too. Kaleido scope to the rescue. 
Copyright © 2025 by BUMBLE IP, LLC NOT FOR DISTRIBUTION 95 

---PAGE---

,... 
96 Copy righc © 2025 by BUMBLE IP. LLC NOT FOR DISTRIBUTION 

---PAGE---

SECTION IV: MY BEST $ 100M LEADS BOO K LAU NC H AD FRA MEWO RKS 
Ad Framework #3: The Rumors Are True 
Why This Ad Framework Rocks 
I position my product as important because other people talk about it. It leverages 
curiosity. It results in: I) someone feeling left out 2) feeling left out of something important. 
And these object ives work great to motivate action-which is the point of all good ads ... 
Good ads do two things: get the prospect's attention ➔get the prospect to take action. So 
it would follow that you have a part of the ad tha t gets attentio n (importance) - and - a part 
of the ad that increases the ben efit and decreases the cost of taking action (other people do 
it). This follows the same recipe. 
s 
ID SCAN ME 
Visual Hook: 
• The subtitl e acts as the visua l hook 
Co pyright © 2025 by BUMBLE IP, LLC NOT FOR DISTRJBUTION 97 

---PAGE---

PART II : MY ADS BLAC KBOOK: BEST 20 AD FRAMEWORKS OF ALL T IM E 
Ad Copy: 
Hook 
The rumor s are true ... (HOOK) 
Meat 
My next book, $1 OOM Leads, is finally coming out. 
I've spent two years on this book, 2,000 hour s that I personally logged. (STAKES) 
My editor put in 1,500 (STAKES), and we're gonna be giving it away for free (GOOD 
STUFF). It's gonna be fucking nuts. I'm gonna give away a lot more stuff, and you're not 
gonna wanna miss it. (CURIOSITY) 
Believe me, I'm making it the entrepreneur event of the season (GOOD STUFF). Put over 
a million dollars into the event (STAKES). I just can't wait to share it with you guys. 
CTA 
With this CTA at the end 
How To Apply This Framework: 
Tell them other people want what you have. Open with "The rumors are true-my 
[product]is finally comin g out". This hook works in any market. 
98 Copyrigh, © 2025 by BUMBLE IP. LLC NOT FOR DISTRIBUTION 

---PAGE---

SECTION IV: MY BEST $ 100M LEADS BOOK LAUNC H AD FRAME W O RKS 
Tell them what they'll get for taking the next step. Frame it as an over-the-top gift­
and that it's just the tip of the iceberg because there's "a lot more stuff" for everyone who 
[takes the next desired action]. 
Explain why it's valuable. Explain your personal investment (iterations, hours , money, 
etc.). If you can "show receipts" - aka - prove that you actually spent all that on the thing-it 
will dramatically increase how much they believe its value. Add in what it can help them do 
as a result , or outcome it facilitates without giving it away. 
Add curiosity. Tease an additional unnamed secret project . Give a range like before. 
Ex: "more than a gift card, less than a Tesla"-so the only way to learn more is to take the 
next step. 
Visual CTA. This CTA did one unique thing worth mentioning-the CTA was not 
spoken and was only visual. The end screen was the CTA. 'This is a great thing to experiment 
with (especially for remixes). 
Make multiple versions in multiple formats. Also, like our last ad. Once we have a 
winning hook , we will make permutation s of that ad into static form . You can see a few 
below . These were also winner s. Again , just becau se they're simple doesn't mean they're not 
effective. Winning is hard enough on its own. You don't need to also make it complicated . 
Copyrig ht © 2025 by BUMBLE IP, LLC NOT FOR DISTRIBUTION 99 

---PAGE---

100 Copyright 0 2025 by BUMBLE IP. LLC NOT FOR DISTRIBUTION 

---PAGE---

SECTIO N IV: MY BEST $!QOM LEADS BOOK LAUNCH AD FRA MEWORKS 
Ad Framework #4: You're Being Lied To 
Why This Ad Framework Rocks 
This ad framework drove a truckload of registrations and book buyers. It's another spin 
on a classic: old way vs. new way. Problem vs. solution. Us vs. them. The classics are classics 
for a reason-they work. 
The ad likely also worked well because walking around corners and high movement, 
especially towards the camera works exceptionally well. This confrontationa l style paired 
well with the hook which was also confrontational. 
People for whatever reason have a hard er time walking and talking. So, it makes it 
somewhat rarer when people do it well. Give it a shot. Ads where I move almost always 
outperform . And if you're wondering why I don't do that all the tim e, I'm wondering the 
same thing myself. 
~ SCAN ME 
Copyright © 2025 by BUM BLE IP, LLC NOT FOR DIST RIBUTION 101 

---PAGE---

PART II: MY ADS BLAC KBO O K: BEST 20 AD FRAMEWO RKS OF ALL TIME 
Visual Hook: 
• Camera movement coming quickly around the corner 
• Talent (me) demonstrates urgency 
• Cuts quick to large text written on board then a tearoff 
Ad Copy: 
Hook 
You're being lied to ... 
Meat/Offer 
When I started my first business, I was told, if you build it, they will come. That 's not true. 
(OLD WAY) 
What is true is that if you tell them, they will find you, and you do that only one way, 
through advertising . (NEW WAY) And over the last 10 years, I've built multiple companie s. 
I sold my last one for $46 million. (PROOF) 
Acqui sition .com is now our family office portfolio that does over $10 million a month. 
(PROOF) The mission of acqui sition. com is to make real business education accessible to 
everyone , and my selfish intent here is that companie s go from one million to 10 million 
and then they hit me up and say, Hey, can you help us go from 10 million to 100 million? 
(REASON WHY) 
Just so you under stand my intention , if you have a business or you wann a start a business 
and you don't believe that if you build it, they will come, or you've already experien ced the 
fact that that 's a lie, then I would encourage you to shift your perspective to "I can force 
people to find out". And we do that through advertising, and that is what I wrote this book 
about. (NEW WAY) 
CTA 
And I'm gonna share all of the thing s that I've learned over the last decade and shrink it into 
just a matter of hours for you so you can use it not tomorrow, but today (SPEED) to get 
more leads. 
102 Copyright © 2025 by BUMBLE IP, LLC NOT FO R D ISTRIBUTI O N 

---PAGE---

SECTION IV: MY BEST $ J00M LEADS BOOK LAUNCH AD FRAMEWORKS 
How To Apply This Framework: 
Walk towards the camera aggressively. Tell them they're being lied to. Confront their 
belief. Look into the lens, round a corner, and open with "You're being lied to". 
Expose the old way and present the new way. Throw rocks at the old way (the lie), 
then tell them the new way (the truth). Ex: "I was told if you build it, they will come. That's 
not true. If you cell chem, they will find you." 
Show proof your new way works. Use math, authority, social proof, or any other kind 
of proof. 
Share your selfish reason why. People trust people who share their biases openly, even if 
they know the opposing person's bias is contradictory to their own interest. 
Promise fast results. You don't want to promise fast results per se, but explain how 
much time they're saving-or that you're compressing for them . Reframe the amount of 
time it would take to solve this problem on their own without your product/ services-a nd 
frame that as the speed they're getting. 
Tell them what to do next to learn about the new way. Flash large on-screen text that 
tears away to reveal a single button and say, "Tap to learn the new way". One step resolves 
the tension you created. 
C opyright © 202 5 by BUMBLE IP. LLC NOT FOR D ISTRIBU TIO N 103 

---PAGE---

104 Copyrigh1 © 2025 by BUMBL E IP, LLC NOT FOR DISTRIBUT IO N 

---PAGE---

SECT IO JV: MY BEST $!QOM LEAD S BOOK LAUN CH AD FRAMEWO RKS 
Ad Framework #5: Data Stack 
Why This Ad Framework Rocks 
This is underrated: Numbers at the beginning of ads, especially big num bers, seem to 
work every time I use them. You've probab ly seen this theme at least a few times in this 
Blackbook. And remember, if you see something multip le times in here, it represents the 
absolute best of zillions of ads. So-pay attention. 
Beyond that - having half of something written on the board invokes more curiosity 
because peop le want to see it completed. It's also, in and of itself, a flex to show the work 
that went into somet hing. The remaining themes repeat: authority, social proof, curiosity, 
scarcity, urgency, call to action . 
To make this work, find out, then list out, all the wild stats about your prod uct or service. 
Once you have that , there are many permuta tions of this ad you can create with very little 
effort. And when you say a winning thing in multiple ways, it gives you m ultiple winners. 
@) SCAN ME 
LJorzv~ 
I-\ 0 lA R.. S 
PAGE' 'S 
DrtAw ,rv G, ~ 
PRo ~ P-S 
~ E\:TS 
Copyright © 2025 by BUMBLE IP, LLC NOT FOR DISTRIBUTI ON 105 

---PAGE---

PART 11: MY ADS BLAC KBO O K: BEST 20 AO FRAM EWORKS OF ALL TIM E 
Visual Hook: 
• Open loop with the number s half written on the board already 
Ad Copy: 
Hook 
This is gonna blow your mind. 
Meat/Offer 
67,000 words , 2,000 hours, 270 pages, 107 drawings , 62 pro tips, nine tweets, two years 
to make one cookbook for making money (NUMBERS/PROOF). My next book, $JOOM 
Leads, comes out August 19th. I'm gonna be giving away ... these and a lot of other stuff live 
as just my way of giving back to you guys. (CURIOSITY) 
You guys have been amazing. It will be unlike any event that you have been to before. We 
already have 200,000 peopl e who've registered for the event (SOCIAL PROOF). I have a 
limited number of books (SCARCITY) ... 
CTA 
.. . so if that sounds at all interestin g, go there. Register to be one of the first to know and be 
there with me live and I'll see you then. 
How To Apply This Framework: 
Tell them you're going to blow their mind. Face the camera , point at a half-written 
whiteboard, and say, "This will blow your mind ". 
Collect stats. About your product, proj ect, business, service, etc. Put all of them on one 
sheet. Select the most impr essive ones. Do this before your recording session. 
List your most impressive stats. Rapid-fir e numb ers: customers , leads, pounds lost , 
time saved, etc.-to prove you poured real effort into your flagship product or service. 
Tell them how many people have shown interest already. All the leads, preorders, 
waiting list, group memb ers, etc. that have shown interest. You want people to feel like 
they're gonna be left out. 
106 Copy right © 2025 by BUMBL E IP, LLC NOT FO R DISTRIBUTION 

---PAGE---

SECTION IV: MY BEST $ ! QOM LEADS BOOK LAUNC H AD FRAMEWO RKS 
Explain the true and real limitations of your product/service. You can't sell an 
unlimited amoun t (in all likelihood) . So, own that you can't. Think limited hours in a 
day, limited number of people you can deliver, limited inventor y, etc. Doing this increases 
demand by cutting perceived supply. Aka-creating scarcity. 
Tell them what to do next. Make it fast, clear, and easy. 
Copyri ght© 2025 by BUMB LE IP, LLC NOT FOR D ISTRIBUT ION 107 

---PAGE---

108 Copyr ight <0 2025 by BUMBLE IP, LLC NOT FOR DISTRJBUTION 

---PAGE---

PART III: WHAT TO DO 
NEXT ➔ CHECKLISTS 
You've now seen the whole machine-how I find winners, how I multip ly them, and the 
exact steps to do it. Three ideas power the engine . 
First, volume negates luck. The process is simple: make lots of ads, spot the few that 
perform , pour 80% of your effort into remixing and remaking those, then spend the other 
20% hunting for the next winner. One winner is enough to start the flywheel. Permutations 
keep it spinning . 
Second, winners are rare, so squeeze every drop of blood from them. 80% of sales come 
from 20% of ads. When an ad finally clicks, hammer it until it dies-then rerun it with 
Kaleidoscope variations. Run new colors, headlines, props, speeds, fonts; swap settings, 
talent, and examp les. All those small twists cost a fraction of inventing a new winner ­
and will give you consistent solid returns. Consistent winners take the volatility out of 
advertising. 
Third , winning ad fram eworks work for any business. The 20 ads you just studied sell 
gym services, software, agencies, and a book , yet every hook, proof stack, and CTA can sell 
whatever you've got. Steal the open-loop selfie, the white -board "four reasons," the prize 
challenge, or the low-number underdog . Swap the details , record, ship, test, repeat. Make 
them yours. 
*** 
''No wise pilot, no matter how great his talent and experience, 
fails to use his checklist. " - Charlie Munger 
I made you checklists at the end of this book. Use them. Remixes you can use tonight. 
Remakes you can film this weekend . Promise a result, make it fast, make it likely, and make 
it easy. Pack curiosity up front, proof in the middle , and a single action at the end. 
Use your Ad Kaleidoscope , my Blackbook of 20 killer ads, and follow the instruction s. 
That 's it. 
*** 
Copyrig ht© 2025 by BUMBLE IP, LLC NOT FOR DISTRIBUT ION 109 

---PAGE---

PART III : WHAT TO DO NEXT-+C H ECKLJSTS 
With that, it's been my great pleasure to serve you. I hope my Ad Kaleidoscope + 
My 20 Best Ad Frameworks Of All Time bring you even more good fortune than they've 
brought me. 
Many people have helped me knowingly and unknowingly on my journey. I pay them 
back by paying it forward to you. Thank you for the opportunity to serve you . 
Ad astra, 
Alex 
PS - My books sit on my desk. I reference them regularly. I share with you the findings I 
document for myself. As such , in an attempt to keep my books on your desk-I want to 
make it easy for you to find what you're looking for. 
Here are two checklists on the following pages for the next time you make ads. One for 
the Ad Kaleidoscope. The other for making banger ads. That way, you can tear them out, or 
at the very least, always know where to turn to get what you need. 
110 Copyright© 2025 by BUMBLE IP, LLC NOT FOR DISTRIBUTION 

---PAGE---

Ad Kaleidoscope Checklist 
Post-production: Apply to an existing winning ad (in order of difficulty) 
• New Speed: Ex: Play the entire spot at 1.1 x. Just make sure your voice doesn't sound 
weird. 
• New Filters: Ex: Add a high-contrast black-and-white filter, or sepia, or social media 
style filter, so video looks different than the original. 
• New Background/Border: Ex: Swap a white backdrop for a neon-green gradient 
border. 
• New Fonts/Captions: Ex: Replace the default subtitle font with bold, comic-style 
caps for the first three words (or in its entirety). 
• New Headline: Ex: Change "Double Your Leads Fast" to "Steal Our 30-Day Leads 
Blueprint". Keep the rest the same. 
• New Medium: Ex: Take your hook from one ad, "Would you build your dream 
business for $1000? $100? Well how about free?" and turn it into an image . 
• New Format: Ex: Re-edit the vertical selfie ad into a square 1: 1 version for different 
ad placement. Native placements improve performance big time. 
• New Meat: Ex: Keep the winning hook, but splice in a different case-study clip for 
the body copy. 
• New Effects: Ex: Drop a "BOOM " motion-graphic sticker over the revenue figure 
as it appears. Or show some visual proof after you say a number-driven hook. 
Pre-production: Record a fresh version of the same winn er 
• New Clone: Ex: same gestures, script, background but different clothing, lighting, 
etc.-so micro -differences feel fresh to viewers. 
• New Props: Ex: Swap the stack of cash for a silver platter holding signup sheets. 
• New Examples: Ex: "$4497/mo Kyle" to "$6398/mo Sarah" 
• New Setting: Ex: Film the ad on a sidewalk instead of inside the office. 
Copyright © 2025 by BU M BLE IP, LLC NOT FOR DIST RIBUT IO N 111 

---PAGE---

• 
• 
112 
PART III : WHAT TO DO NEXT--+CH ECKLJSTS 
New Talent: Ex: Have someone else deliver the script instead of you to attract an 
avatar that looks like them . Or even if the person doing the second take is the same 
demographic as you, at the very least, it'll look different . 
New Combination: Ex: Shoot the ad on a rooftop (new setting) with a bright red 
megaphone (new prop) and overlay comic-book captions (post-production font 
change). 
Copyright@ 2025 by BUMBLE IP, LLC NOT FOR DISTRIBUTION 

---PAGE---

Best Ad Framework Checklist 
I'm a checklist guy. I divide the checklist into four parts: visual, verbal delivery, script, 
and CTA. They correspond roughly to: what they see, what you say, what they get, how 
to get it. Within each buck et, I divid e them into my own divisio n of "must- haves" and 
" . h ,, mce-to- aves . 
I want to be clear, you can make ads without some of my must -haves . .. I just don't. So, 
I give to you my real-world checkl ist for making ads that make money. Enjoy. 
VISUAL ELEMENTS 
Must-Hav es 
• Paired Verbal & Visual Hooks 
• Movement 
• Similar Avatar 
• Show What You Tell 
• Captions 
• Platform Native 
Nice-to-Ha ves 
• Aspirational Setting/Trending Formats 
• Real World Demonstrations and Settings 
• Props 
VERBAL DELIVERY 
Must-Haves 
• Simple Words 
• Enunciation (No mumbling!) 
Copy right © 2025 by BUM BLE II', LLC NOT FOR DISTRIBUTION 113 

---PAGE---

PART III: W HAT TO DO NEXT -+CH EC KLISTS 
Nice-to-Haves 
• Details/Numbers 
• Continuous "Open-looped" Curiosity 
• Benefits & Pains Through Prospect's Real Life Experiences 
AD SCRIPT 
Must-Haves 
• 
• 
• 
Call Out Prospects 
Compelling Reason Why 
Comparisons 
• Dream Outcome & Nightmare of Staying The Same 
• Speed To Result & Delay of Inaction 
• 
• 
Certainty Of New Path & Risk of Current Path 
Ease Of Result & Difficulty of Current Path 
• As Many Proof Points As Possible 
N ice-to-Haves 
• Damaging Admissions 
• Stakes/Struggles/Investment 
CTA 
Must-Haves 
• One Clear Verbal & Visual Next Step To Take 
114 Copyright © 2025 by BUMBLE IP, LLC NOT FOR DISTRIBUT ION 

---PAGE---

BEST AD FRAM EWORK CHECKLIST 
Nice-to-Haves 
• Reasons To Act 
• CTA Congruent With Hook 
• Scarcity & Urgency 
• Bonus/Incentives 
Copyright © 2025 by BUMBLE IP, LLC NOT FOR DISTR.JBUTION ll5 

---PAGE---

t. 

---PAGE---

This page intentionall y left blank 

---PAGE---

I I 
9 781963 t349535 J 

---PAGE---

